=== 886fb6c46c6b n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form 497 filed 2025-06-04 | acc 0000894189-25-004319 ===
497 1 akre497eaddress-reorgxproxy.htm 497 Document Retail Class Shares (AKREX) Institutional Class Shares (AKRIX) Supra Institutional Class Shares (AKRSX) a series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) Supplement dated June 4, 2025 to the Statutory Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”), each dated November 28, 2024 For existing and prospective shareholders of the Akre Focus Fund, your actions will be required as follows: • Shareholder approval will be requested in the coming weeks to approve the conversion of the Akre Focus Fund from a mutual fund to an exchange-traded fund (ETF), anticipated on or about September 26, 2025. • Subject to shareholder approval, to receive ETF shares as part of the conversion, shareholders must hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account that can accept ETF shares, prior to the anticipated cutoff date of September 22, 2025. At a meeting held on May 21, 2025, the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) approved the Reorganization (as defined below) of the Akre Focus Fund (the “Mutual Fund”) into an exchange-traded fund. The Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the previously-registered Akre Focus ETF (the  […]  Fund’s outstanding voting securities or (b) 67% or more of the outstanding voting securities p […] s present or represented by proxy at the shareholder meeting, provided that holders of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy at the meeting (the “1940 Act Majority”). Your vote will be important. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote in favor of the Reorganization. In order to accomplish the Reorganization, the Board approved an Agreement for the Mutual Fund. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Mutual Fund will transfer its assets to the ETF in exchange for ETF shares and the assumption by the ETF of the Mutual Fund’s liabilities. As a result of the Reorganization, the Mutual Fund will be converted into an ETF. If the Reorganization is approved by the Mutual Fund’s shareholders and subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions set forth in the Agreement, the Reorganization is currently expected to be completed on or about September 26, 2025. Upon completion of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold ETF shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in the Q&A) will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of their Mutual Fund shares held immediately prior to the Reorganization, plus any cas […]  having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shareholder’s Supra Institutional Class Shares. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about September 12, 2025, the Adviser has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.98% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about September 26, 2025, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. Moving Your Mutual Fund Shares to a Brokerage Account In order to receive shares of the ETF as part of the Reorganization, shareholders must hold their shares of the Mutual Fund through a Qualifying Brokerage Account. If shareholders already hold their shares in a brokerage account that can hold ETF shares, no action is necessary. Please see the Q&A that follows for additional information on different types of accounts that may not be able to hold ETF shares, as well as instructions describing how to transfer mutual fund shares to a Qualifying Brokerage Ac

=== 5cfd832b1b9c n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form 497K filed 2025-06-04 | acc 0000894189-25-004327 ===
497K 1 akre497kaddress-reorgxproxy.htm 497K Document Retail Class Shares (AKREX) Institutional Class Shares (AKRIX) Supra Institutional Class Shares (AKRSX) a series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) Supplement dated June 4, 2025 to the Summary Prospectus dated November 28, 2024 For existing and prospective shareholders of the Akre Focus Fund, your actions will be required as follows: • Shareholder approval will be requested in the coming weeks to approve the conversion of the Akre Focus Fund from a mutual fund to an exchange-traded fund (ETF), anticipated on or about September 26, 2025. • Subject to shareholder approval, to receive ETF shares as part of the conversion, shareholders must hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account that can accept ETF shares, prior to the anticipated cutoff date of September 22, 2025. At a meeting held on May 21, 2025, the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) approved the Reorganization (as defined below) of the Akre Focus Fund (the “Mutual Fund”) into an exchange-traded fund. The Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the previously-registered Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF”), which is a series of the Professionally Manage […]  Fund’s outstanding voting securities or (b) 67% or more of the outstanding voting securities p […] s present or represented by proxy at the shareholder meeting, provided that holders of more than 50% of the outstanding voting securities are present or represented by proxy at the meeting (the “1940 Act Majority”). Your vote will be important. The Board unanimously recommends that shareholders vote in favor of the Reorganization. In order to accomplish the Reorganization, the Board approved an Agreement for the Mutual Fund. Pursuant to the Agreement, the Mutual Fund will transfer its assets to the ETF in exchange for ETF shares and the assumption by the ETF of the Mutual Fund’s liabilities. As a result of the Reorganization, the Mutual Fund will be converted into an ETF. If the Reorganization is approved by the Mutual Fund’s shareholders and subject to the satisfaction of certain closing conditions set forth in the Agreement, the Reorganization is currently expected to be completed on or about September 26, 2025. Upon completion of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold ETF shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in the Q&A) will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of their Mutual Fund shares held immediately prior to the Reorganization, plus any cas […]  having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shareholder’s Supra Institutional Class Shares. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about September 12, 2025, the Adviser has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.98% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about September 26, 2025, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. Moving Your Mutual Fund Shares to a Brokerage Account In order to receive shares of the ETF as part of the Reorganization, shareholders must hold their shares of the Mutual Fund through a Qualifying Brokerage Account. If shareholders already hold their shares in a brokerage account that can hold ETF shares, no action is necessary. Please see the Q&A that follows for additional information on different types of accounts that may not be able to hold ETF shares, as well as instructions describing how to transfer mutual fund shares to a Qualifying Brokerage Ac

=== 86f2fd7cd70b n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form N-14 filed 2025-06-24 | acc 0000894189-25-004658 ===
N-14 1 akremftoetfn-142025.htm N-14 Document As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on June 24, 2025 Registration No. 333-[ ] U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jason Hadler, President Professionally Managed Portfolios c/o U.S. Bank Global Fund Services 615 East Michigan Street, Third Floor Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: Rachael Schwartz, Esq. Sullivan & Worcester LLP 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor New York, New York 10020 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that this filing become effective on the 30th day after filing, pursuant  […] red because of reliance on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Tit […] Shares of common stock, no par value per share, of the Akre Focus ETF, a series of the Registrant Akre Focus Fund a Series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 [ ], 2025 To the Shareholders of the Akre Focus Fund (or the “Mutual Fund”): I am writing to inform you of, and to ask for your vote on, a very important matter affecting your investment in the Akre Focus Fund. Akre Capital Management, LLC (“Akre” or the “Adviser”), the investment adviser of the Akre Focus Fund, recommended, and the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) approved, the conversion of the Mutual Fund into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). Subject to shareholder approval, the Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF”), and the ETF will continue to be managed by Akre with no changes to its investment objectives, investment strategies, or fundamental investment restrictions. Although the ETF will have the same investment objectives, investment strategies and fundamental investment policies as the Mutual Fund, exchange-traded funds are structurally different from mutual funds and have risks that are specific to exchange-traded funds. These risks are discussed in the enclosed proxy statement/prospectus. S […]  AND WHY ARE YOU SENDING IT TO ME? WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THE AKRE FOCUS FUND? Answer : This is a combined Proxy Statement of the Mutual Fund/Prospectus for the ETF. You are receiving this Proxy Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in the Mutual Fund as of the Record Date (as defined below) and, therefore, have the right to vote on the Proposals described herein concerning the Mutual Fund. This Proxy Statement/Prospectus contains information that shareholders should know before voting on the Proposals. It is proposed that the Akre Focus Fund (the “Mutual Fund” or “Target Fund”), which is currently operated as a mutual fund, be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). The ETF is a series of the PMP, which has not yet begun operations, and it will acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of the Mutual Fund and continue the Mutual Fund’s business (the “Reorganization”). Upon closing of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold exchange-traded fund shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in this Q&A, will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of their Mutual […] N WHAT AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE? Answer : You are being asked to approve the Plan under which the Akre Focus Fund would be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF within PMP. The Plan, with respect to the Mutual Fund, provides for: 1. the transfer of all of the assets of the Mutual Fund to the ETF in exchange for shares of the ETF and the ETF’s assumption of all of the Mutual Fund’s liabilities; 2. the distribution of shares of the ETF to the shareholders of the Mutual Fund; and 3. the liquidation and dissolution of the Mutual Fund. The proposed Reorganization includes the conversion of the Mutual Fund, which currently operates as a mutual fund, into an exchange-traded fund or ‘ETF’. Approval by shareholders of the Mutual Fund is needed to proceed with the Reorganization. The Meeting will be held on [September 19, 2025] to consider the Proposal. QUESTION 3 : WHAT ARE THE REASONS FOR THE PROPOSED REORGANIZATION? Answer : Akre and the Board believe that the Reorganization will offer: (a) the ETF a better opportunity to grow its asset base by expanding its pool of potential investors; (b) benefits related to the management of capital gains distributions as a result of the ETF structure, allowing for potentially greater tax efficiency for shareholders; and (c) potential benefits related  […] Fund having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shareholder’s Supra Institutional Class Shares. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about October 10, 2025, the Adviser has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.98% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about October 24, 2025, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. The Board of Trustees of PMP (the “Board”) has approved the Plan and has determined that approval of the Reorganization is in the best interests of the Mutual Fund, and that the interests of the existing shareholders of the Mutual Fund will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. Accordingly, the Board recommends that shareholders of the Mutual Fund vote “FOR” the Proposal. The ETF will assume and continue the investment operations of the Mutual Fund, including its performance history and financial records. The ETF has not commenced investment op

=== 7d0fb74960d0 n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form N-14/A filed 2025-07-16 | acc 0000894189-25-005009 ===
N-14/A 1 akremftoetfn-142025.htm N-14/A Document As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 16, 2025 Registration No. 333-288295 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 [X] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jason Hadler, President Professionally Managed Portfolios c/o U.S. Bank Global Fund Services 615 East Michigan Street, Third Floor Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: Rachael Schwartz, Esq. Sullivan & Worcester LLP 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor New York, New York 10020 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as  […] red because of reliance on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Tit […] Shares of common stock, no par value per share, of the Akre Focus ETF, a series of the Registrant Akre Focus Fund a Series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 [ ], 2025 To the Shareholders of the Akre Focus Fund (or the “Mutual Fund”): I am writing to inform you of, and to ask for your vote on, a very important matter affecting your investment in the Akre Focus Fund. Akre Capital Management, LLC (“Akre” or the “Adviser”), the investment adviser of the Akre Focus Fund, recommended, and the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) approved, the conversion of the Mutual Fund into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). Subject to shareholder approval, the Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF”), and the ETF will continue to be managed by Akre with no changes to its investment objectives, investment strategies, or fundamental investment restrictions. Although the ETF will have the same investment objectives, investment strategies and fundamental investment policies as the Mutual Fund, exchange-traded funds are structurally different from mutual funds and have risks that are specific to exchange-traded funds. These risks are discussed in the enclosed proxy statement/prospectus. S […]  AND WHY ARE YOU SENDING IT TO ME? WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THE AKRE FOCUS FUND? Answer : This is a combined Proxy Statement of the Mutual Fund/Prospectus for the ETF. You are receiving this Proxy Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in the Mutual Fund as of the Record Date (as defined below) and, therefore, have the right to vote on the Proposals described herein concerning the Mutual Fund. This Proxy Statement/Prospectus contains information that shareholders should know before voting on the Proposals. It is proposed that the Akre Focus Fund (the “Mutual Fund” or “Target Fund”), which is currently operated as a mutual fund, be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). The ETF is a series of the PMP, which has not yet begun operations, and it will acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of the Mutual Fund and continue the Mutual Fund’s business (the “Reorganization”). Upon closing of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold exchange-traded fund shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in this Q&A, will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of their Mutual […] N WHAT AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE? Answer : You are being asked to approve the Plan under which the Akre Focus Fund would be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF within PMP. The Plan, with respect to the Mutual Fund, provides for: 1. the transfer of all of the assets of the Mutual Fund to the ETF in exchange for shares of the ETF and the ETF’s assumption of all of the Mutual Fund’s liabilities; 2. the distribution of shares of the ETF to the shareholders of the Mutual Fund; and 3. the liquidation and dissolution of the Mutual Fund. The proposed Reorganization includes the conversion of the Mutual Fund, which currently operates as a mutual fund, into an exchange-traded fund or ‘ETF’. Approval by shareholders of the Mutual Fund is needed to proceed with the Reorganization. The Meeting will be held on [September 19, 2025] to consider the Proposal. QUESTION 3 : WHAT ARE THE REASONS FOR THE PROPOSED REORGANIZATION? Answer : Akre and the Board believe that the Reorganization will offer: (a) the ETF a better opportunity to grow its asset base by expanding its pool of potential investors; (b) benefits related to the management of capital gains distributions as a result of the ETF structure, allowing for potentially greater tax efficiency for shareholders; and (c) potential benefits related  […] Fund having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shareholder’s Supra Institutional Class Shares. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about October 10, 2025, the Adviser has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.98% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about October 24, 2025, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. The Board of Trustees of PMP (the “Board”) has approved the Plan and has determined that approval of the Reorganization is in the best interests of the Mutual Fund, and that the interests of the existing shareholders of the Mutual Fund will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. Accordingly, the Board recommends that shareholders of the Mutual Fund vote “FOR” the Proposal. The ETF will assume and continue the investment operations of the Mutual Fund, including its performance history and financial records. The ETF has not commenced investment op

=== aab5a37897fa n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form N-14/A filed 2025-07-24 | acc 0000894189-25-005135 ===
N-14/A 1 akremftoetfn-142025.htm N-14/A Document As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on July 24, 2025 Registration No. 333-288295 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 [X] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jason Hadler, President Professionally Managed Portfolios c/o U.S. Bank Global Fund Services 615 East Michigan Street, Third Floor Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: Rachael Schwartz, Esq. Sullivan & Worcester LLP 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor New York, New York 10020 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Registrant hereby amends this Registration Statement on such date or dates as  […] because of reliance on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Title o […] es of common stock, no par value per share, of the Akre Focus ETF, a series of the Registrant Akre Focus Fund a Series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 July 31, 2025 To the Shareholders of the Akre Focus Fund (or the “Mutual Fund”): I am writing to inform you of, and to ask for your vote on, a very important matter affecting your investment in the Akre Focus Fund. Akre Capital Management, LLC (“Akre” or the “Adviser”), the investment adviser of the Akre Focus Fund, recommended, and the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) approved, the conversion of the Mutual Fund into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). Subject to shareholder approval, the Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF”), and the ETF will continue to be managed by Akre with no changes to its investment objectives, investment strategies, or fundamental investment restrictions. Although the ETF will have the same investment objectives, investment strategies and fundamental investment policies as the Mutual Fund, exchange-traded funds are structurally different from mutual funds and have risks that are specific to exchange-traded funds. These risks are discussed in the enclosed proxy statement/prospectus. S […] NT AND WHY ARE YOU SENDING IT TO ME? WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THE AKRE FOCUS FUND? Answer : This is a combined Proxy Statement of the Mutual Fund/Prospectus for the ETF. You are receiving this Proxy Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in the Mutual Fund as of the Record Date (as defined below) and, therefore, have the right to vote on the Proposal described herein concerning the Mutual Fund. This Proxy Statement/Prospectus contains information that shareholders should know before voting on the Proposal. It is proposed that the Akre Focus Fund (the “Mutual Fund” or “Target Fund”), which is currently operated as a mutual fund, be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). The ETF is a series of the PMP, which has not yet begun operations, and it will acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of the Mutual Fund and continue the Mutual Fund’s business (the “Reorganization”). Upon closing of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold exchange-traded fund shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in this Q&A, will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of their Mutual […] N WHAT AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE? Answer : You are being asked to approve the Plan under which the Akre Focus Fund would be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF within PMP. The Plan, with respect to the Mutual Fund, provides for: 1. the transfer of all of the assets of the Mutual Fund to the ETF in exchange for shares of the ETF and the ETF’s assumption of all of the Mutual Fund’s liabilities; 2. the distribution of shares of the ETF to the shareholders of the Mutual Fund; and 3. the liquidation and dissolution of the Mutual Fund. The proposed Reorganization includes the conversion of the Mutual Fund, which currently operates as a mutual fund, into an exchange-traded fund or ‘ETF’. Approval by shareholders of the Mutual Fund is needed to proceed with the Reorganization. The Meeting will be held on September 19, 2025 to consider the Proposal. QUESTION 3 : WHAT ARE THE REASONS FOR THE PROPOSED REORGANIZATION? Answer : Akre and the Board believe that the Reorganization will offer: (a) the ETF a better opportunity to grow its asset base by expanding its pool of potential investors; (b) benefits related to the management of capital gains distributions as a result of the ETF structure, allowing for potentially greater tax efficiency for shareholders; and (c) potential benefits related to […] Fund having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shareholder’s Supra Institutional Class Shares. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about October 10, 2025, the Adviser has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.98% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about October 24, 2025, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. The Board of Trustees of PMP (the “Board”) has approved the Plan and has determined that approval of the Reorganization is in the best interests of the Mutual Fund, and that the interests of the existing shareholders of the Mutual Fund will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. Accordingly, the Board recommends that shareholders of the Mutual Fund vote “FOR” the Proposal. The ETF will assume and continue the investment operations of the Mutual Fund, including its performance history and financial records. The ETF has not commenced investment op

=== fb81d10c26f1 n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form 497 filed 2025-07-29 | acc 0000894189-25-005262 ===
497 1 akremftoetfn-142025497c.htm 497 Document Filed pursuant to Rule 497(c) File No. 333-288295 Akre Focus Fund a Series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 July 31, 2025 To the Shareholders of the Akre Focus Fund (or the “Mutual Fund”): I am writing to inform you of, and to ask for your vote on, a very important matter affecting your investment in the Akre Focus Fund. Akre Capital Management, LLC (“Akre” or the “Adviser”), the investment adviser of the Akre Focus Fund, recommended, and the Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) approved, the conversion of the Mutual Fund into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). Subject to shareholder approval, the Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF”), and the ETF will continue to be managed by Akre with no changes to its investment objectives, investment strategies, or fundamental investment restrictions. Although the ETF will have the same investment objectives, investment strategies and fundamental investment policies as the Mutual Fund, exchange-traded funds are structurally different from mutual funds and have risks that are spe […] otice of Special Meeting 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS YOUR VOTE IS VERY IMPORTANT! QUESTION 1 : WHAT […] NT AND WHY ARE YOU SENDING IT TO ME? WHAT IS HAPPENING TO THE AKRE FOCUS FUND? Answer : This is a combined Proxy Statement of the Mutual Fund/Prospectus for the ETF. You are receiving this Proxy Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in the Mutual Fund as of the Record Date (as defined below) and, therefore, have the right to vote on the Proposal described herein concerning the Mutual Fund. This Proxy Statement/Prospectus contains information that shareholders should know before voting on the Proposal. It is proposed that the Akre Focus Fund (the “Mutual Fund” or “Target Fund”), which is currently operated as a mutual fund, be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the Akre Focus ETF (the “ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). The ETF is a series of the PMP, which has not yet begun operations, and it will acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of the Mutual Fund and continue the Mutual Fund’s business (the “Reorganization”). Upon closing of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold exchange-traded fund shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in this Q&A, will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of their Mutual […] N WHAT AM I BEING ASKED TO VOTE? Answer : You are being asked to approve the Plan under which the Akre Focus Fund would be reorganized into the Akre Focus ETF within PMP. The Plan, with respect to the Mutual Fund, provides for: 1. the transfer of all of the assets of the Mutual Fund to the ETF in exchange for shares of the ETF and the ETF’s assumption of all of the Mutual Fund’s liabilities; 2. the distribution of shares of the ETF to the shareholders of the Mutual Fund; and 3. the liquidation and dissolution of the Mutual Fund. The proposed Reorganization includes the conversion of the Mutual Fund, which currently operates as a mutual fund, into an exchange-traded fund or ‘ETF’. Approval by shareholders of the Mutual Fund is needed to proceed with the Reorganization. The Meeting will be held on September 19, 2025 to consider the Proposal. QUESTION 3 : WHAT ARE THE REASONS FOR THE PROPOSED REORGANIZATION? Answer : Akre and the Board believe that the Reorganization will offer: (a) the ETF a better opportunity to grow its asset base by expanding its pool of potential investors; (b) benefits related to the management of capital gains distributions as a result of the ETF structure, allowing for potentially greater tax efficiency for shareholders; and (c) potential benefits related to […] Fund having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asset value of the shareholder’s Supra Institutional Class Shares. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about October 10, 2025, the Adviser has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.98% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about October 24, 2025, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. The Board of Trustees of PMP (the “Board”) has approved the Plan and has determined that approval of the Reorganization is in the best interests of the Mutual Fund, and that the interests of the existing shareholders of the Mutual Fund will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. Accordingly, the Board recommends that shareholders of the Mutual Fund vote “FOR” the Proposal. The ETF will assume and continue the investment operations of the Mutual Fund, including its performance history and financial records. The ETF has not commenced investment op

=== a719a0e018f1 n=1 | PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS  (CIK 0000811030) | form N-14 filed 2025-11-24 | acc 0000894189-25-014440 ===
N-14 1 pabraimftoetfn-142025.htm N-14/A Document As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on November 24, 2025 Registration No. [ ] U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) PROFESSIONALLY MANAGED PORTFOLIOS (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jason Hadler, President Professionally Managed Portfolios c/o U.S. Bank Global Fund Services 615 East Michigan Street, Third Floor Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: Rachael Schwartz, Esq. Sullivan & Worcester LLP 1251 Avenue of the Americas, 19th Floor New York, New York 10020 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that this filing become effective on the 30th day after filing, pursu […] reliance on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Title of Securitie […] n stock, no par value per share, of the Pabrai Wagons ETF, a series of the Registrant Pabrai Wagons Fund a series of Professionally Managed Portfolios 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 [ ], 2025 To the Shareholders of the Pabrai Wagons Fund (or the “Mutual Fund”): I am writing to inform you of a very important matter affecting your investment in the Pabrai Wagons Fund. Dhandho Funds LLC dba Pabrai Wagons Advisors (the “Advisor”), the investment advisor of the Pabrai Wagons Fund, recommended, and the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) approved, the conversion of the Mutual Fund into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). The Mutual Fund will be reorganized into the Pabrai Wagons ETF (the “ETF”), and the ETF will continue to be managed by the Advisor with no changes to its investment objectives, investment strategies, or fundamental investment restrictions. Although the ETF will have the same investment objectives, investment strategies and fundamental investment policies as the Mutual Fund, exchange-traded funds are structurally different from mutual funds and have risks that are specific to exchange-traded funds. These risks are discussed in the enclosed information statement/prospectus. Shareholders of th […] r the ETF. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in the Mutual Fund as of the Record Date (as defined below) and, therefore, must decide how you wish your shares to be handled. This Information Statement/Prospectus contains information that shareholders should know before deciding what to do with their shares. Dhandho Funds LLC dba Pabrai Wagons Advisors (the “Advisor”), the investment advisor of the Pabrai Wagons Fund (the “Mutual Fund” or “Target Fund”), recommended, and the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of Professionally Managed Portfolios (the “Trust”) approved, the conversion of the Mutual Fund into an exchange-traded fund through a Reorganization with and into the Pabrai Wagons ETF (the “ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). The ETF is a series of the Trust, which has not yet begun operations, and it will acquire the assets and assume the liabilities of the Mutual Fund and continue the Mutual Fund’s business (the “Reorganization”). Upon closing of the Reorganization, shareholders who hold their Mutual Fund shares in a brokerage account eligible to hold exchange-traded fund shares (a “Qualifying Brokerage Account,” as further explained in this Q&A), will receive ETF shares having an aggregate net asset value equal to the aggregate net asse […] es of ETFs, as compared to mutual funds: 1. Lower Net Expenses for Retail and Institutional Class Shareholders : The total annual fund operating exp […]  Units. Otherwise, shares of the ETF may only be sold in secondary market transactions, such as on exchanges and other trading platforms. The ETF only provides for the direct exchange of shares with authorized participants via creation and redemption units. For a more complete discussion, see the section below titled “Differences in Purchase Procedures and Redemption Procedures.” Q&A 5 _____________________________________ COMBINED INFORMATION STATEMENT AND PROSPECTUS DATED [ ], 2025 For the Reorganization of Pabrai Wagons Fund Into Pabrai Wagons ETF (each a series of Professionally Managed Portfolios) 615 East Michigan Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53202 1-800-617-0004 This Information Statement/Prospectus is provided in connection with the conversion of the Pabrai Wagons Fund (the “Mutual Fund” or “Target Fund”), a series of Professionally Managed Portfolios (“Trust” or “PMP”) into the Pabrai Wagons ETF (the “ETF” or “Acquiring Fund”). The Reorganization is anticipated to be tax-free for the Mutual Fund and its shareholders. However, the redemption of fractional shares of the Mutual Fund prior to its reorganization into the ETF,  […] nd Service (Rule 12b-1) Fees will be voluntarily waived, and shareholders will be subject to a lower expense ratio as described below. Institutional Class Shares . Following the Share Class Consolidation, the Mutual Fund will have a single class of Institutional Shares. Effective on or about January 24, 2026, the Advisor has agreed to waive its fees and/or pay the Mutual Fund’s expenses such that the total expense ratio of the Institutional Class Shares will not exceed 0.90% of the average daily net assets of the Institutional Class Shares. Upon the closing of the Reorganization expected on or about February 6, 2026, the Institutional Shares will be converted into ETF shares pursuant to the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization. Combined Information Statement/Prospectus 1 The Board of Trustees of PMP (the “Board”) has approved the Plan and has determined that approval of the Reorganization is in the best interests of the Mutual Fund, and that the interests of the existing shareholders of the Mutual Fund will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. The ETF will assume and continue the investment operations of the Mutual Fund, including its performance history and financial records. The ETF has not commenced investment operations. The Mutual Fund and the ETF have identical