=== ebdbd56cc34f n=1 | Starboard Investment Trust  (CIK 0001464413) | form 497 filed 2020-10-29 | acc 0001464413-20-000186 ===
497 1 r497e8631020.htm STARBOARD INVESTMENT TRUST - ADAPTIVE GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES FUND STARBOARD INVESTMENT TRUST ADAPTIVE GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES FUND (Formerly, Cavalier Growth Opportunities Fund) Supplement dated October 29, 2020 to the Prospectus, Summary Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”), each dated October 1, 2020 This Supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Prospectus, Summary Prospectus and SAI, and should be retained and read in conjunction with, the Prospectus, Summary Prospectus and SAI for the Adaptive Growth Opportunities Fund (the “Fund”). At meetings held on September 24, 2020 and October 8, 2020 and through a written consent in lieu of a meeting dated October 23, 2020, the Board of Trustees of the Starboard Investment Trust (the “Board”) approved the reorganization of the Adaptive Growth Opportunities Fund (the “Mutual Fund”) into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). The Reorganization will occur pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization whereby the Mutual Fund will transfer all of its assets and liabilities to the Adaptive Growth Opportunities ETF (the “ETF”), a newly organized serie

=== a1b31ebce8bb n=1 | T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc.  (CIK 0000754915) | form N-14 filed 2024-08-16 | acc 0001104659-24-090454 ===
N-14 1 tm2421611d1_n14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 16, 2024 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 /X/ Pre-Effective Amendment No. / / Post-Effective Amendment No. / / (Check appropriate box or boxes) T. ROWE PRICE HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 100 East Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 410-345-2000 David Oestreicher 100 East Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Approximate date of proposed public offering : As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share of the T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc. The Registrant has registered an indefinite amount of securities pursuant to Rule 24f-2 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; accordingly, no filing fee is payable herewith in reliance upon Section 24(f). It is proposed that this fili […] he shares are represented. Principal Investment Strategies The Acquiring Fund and Target Fund h

=== ab4240759e4a n=1 | T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc.  (CIK 0000754915) | form N-14/A filed 2024-09-30 | acc 0001104659-24-104212 ===
N-14/A 1 tm2421611d5_n14a.htm FORM N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 30, 2024 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 /X/ Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 /X/ Post-Effective Amendment No. / / (Check appropriate box or boxes) T. ROWE PRICE HIGH YIELD FUND, INC. (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 100 East Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, Including Area Code: 410-345-2000 David Oestreicher 100 East Pratt Street, Baltimore, Maryland 21202 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Approximate date of proposed public offering : As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of common stock, par value $0.01 per share of the T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc. The Registrant has registered an indefinite amount of securities pursuant to Rule 24f-2 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; accordingly, no filing fee is payable herewith in reliance upon Section 24(f). The Registrant […] he shares are represented. Principal Investment Strategies The Acquiring Fund and Target Fund h

=== 8c94c25da568 n=1 | T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc.  (CIK 0000754915) | form 497 filed 2024-10-02 | acc 0001104659-24-105255 ===
497 1 tm2421611d5_497.htm 497 The New America High Income Fund, Inc. 33 Broad Street Boston, Massachusetts 02109 September 30, 2024 Dear Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders (the “Shareholder Meeting”) of The New America High Income Fund, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Fund”), which will be held at the offices of Kirkland & Ellis LLP, 200 Clarendon Street, Boston, Massachusetts 02116, on November 20, 2024, 2024, at 9:00 a.m. Eastern Time, to consider and vote on important proposals that affect the Fund and your investment in it. At the Shareholder Meeting, shareholders of the Fund will be asked to consider and vote on the following proposals: 1. To approve an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization providing for the transfer of the assets of the Fund to the T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund (the “T. Rowe Price Fund”), a series of the T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund, Inc., in exchange for the assumption of the Fund’s stated liabilities by the T. Rowe Price Fund and Investor Class shares of the T. Rowe Price Fund, followed by the complete liquidation of the Fund; 2. To elect five Directors of the Fund, nominated by the Board of Directors […] he shares are represented. Principal Investment Strategies The Acquiring Fund and Target Fund h

=== 4169b8c3f206 n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form N-14 filed 2024-01-17 | acc 0001829126-24-000240 ===
N-14 1 tcwetftrust_n14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 17, 2024 Securities Act File No. 333-[ ] U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ____ [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. ____ [ ] TCW ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Registrant’s Area Code and Telephone Number: (617) 772-1818 c/o Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. 50 Post Office Square Boston, MA 02110-1548 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Jennifer Grancio c/o Cogency Global Inc. 850 New Burton Road, Suite 201 Dover, DE 19904 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: Brian McCabe Ropes & Gray LLP 800 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02199 Peter Davidson TCW Investment Management Company LLC 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 Paulita Pike Ropes & Gray LLP 191 North Wacker Drive, 32nd Floor Chicago, IL 60606 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that the filing will become effective on Febr […] ), a Maryland corporation, will hold a Joint Special Meeting of Shareholders (the “Meeting”). T […] . The Meeting will be held at 515 South Flower Street, Los Angeles, California 90071 and will begin at [ ]. 1 The Meeting will be held to consider, for each Target Fund in which you hold shares, a proposal to approve an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) pursuant to which each Target Fund will be reorganized with and into the corresponding acquiring fund, as indicated below (each, an “Acquiring Fund”) (each, a “Reorganization”), as well as to transact such other business as may properly come before the Meeting. It is proposed that, subject to shareholder approval, each Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an exchange-traded fund through a Reorganization with and into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Proposal Target Fund Acquiring Fund 1 TCW Artificial Intelligence Equity Fund ® TCW Artificial Intelligence ETF 2 TCW New America Premier Equities Fund ® TCW Compounders ETF The Plan, which is by and among the Corporation, on behalf of each Target Fund, TCW ETF Trust, on behalf of each Acquiring Fund, and TCW Investment Management Company LLC (solely with respect to Section 9.2) provides for: (i) the acquisition of the assets and assumption of the liabilities of each Target Fund by the corresponding Acquiring Fund in exchange for shares of su […] certain information contained in this Prospectus/Proxy Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Proxy Statement, including your Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to each Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Proxy Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Proxy Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Proxy Statement because you own shares of a Target Fund. It is proposed that, subject to shareholder approval, each Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. Each Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the applicable Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the corresponding Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. Subject to shareholder approval, each Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the Corporation, on behalf of each Target Fund, ETF Trust, on behalf of eac […] ets of each Target Fund will be acquired by the corresponding Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of each Target Fund will be assumed by the corresponding Acquiring Fund in exchange for Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of that Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the applicable Target Fund’s shareholders, that Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class N shares of the applicable Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganizations, each Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. How will the Reorganizations affect me as a shareholder? If a Reorganization is completed with respect to your Target Fund, you will cease to be a shareholder of that Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of a Reorganization, T

=== abb29f24f4ba n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form N-14 filed 2024-04-22 | acc 0001829126-24-002688 ===
N-14 1 tcwetftrust_n14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 22, 2024 Securities Act File No. 333-[ ] U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ TCW ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Peter Davidson 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (617) 772-1818 Megan McClellan TCW Investment Management Company LLC 515 South Flower Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Name and address of agent for service) Copies to: Brian McCabe Ropes & Gray LLP 800 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02199 Telephone Number: (617) 951-7000 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that the filing will become effective on May 22, 2024 pursuant to Rule 488 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Beneficial Interest, no par  […] ed. In reliance upon such rule, no filing fee is being paid at this time. METROPOLITAN WEST FUN […] h rule, no filing fee is being paid at this time. METROPOLITAN WEST FUNDS Metropolitan West Flexible Income Fund 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 Dear Shareholder: We are writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in Metropolitan West Flexible Income Fund (the “Target Fund”). You are receiving this combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares in the Target Fund, a series of Metropolitan West Funds, a Delaware statutory trust (the “MetWest Trust”), which is managed by Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC (the “Target Fund Adviser”). We are pleased to inform you of the planned reorganization of the Target Fund, which is a mutual fund, with and into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will be managed by TCW Investment Management Company LLC (the “Acquiring Fund Adviser”). The Acquiring Fund Adviser and the Target Fund Adviser are under the common control of The TCW Group, Inc. Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), the Target Fund will be reorganized with and into the TCW Flexible Income ETF (the “Acquiring Fund”), a newly created series of TCW ETF Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the “ETF Trust”), that has the same investment objective, investment policies and portfolio management te […] y of certain information contained in this Prospectus/Information Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Information Statement, including the Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to the Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Information Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares of the Target Fund. It is proposed that the Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through the Reorganization with and into the Acquiring Fund. The Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of the ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. The Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. The Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the MetWest Trust, on behalf of the Target Fund, the ETF Trust, on behalf of the Acquiring Fund, and the Acquiring Fund Adviser (solely with res […] particular, the Plan provides that (1) the assets of the Target Fund will be acquired by the Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of the Target Fund will be assumed by the Acquiring Fund in exchange for the Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable the Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of the Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the Target Fund’s shareholders, the Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class M shares of the Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganization, the Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. 2 How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? If the Reorganization is completed, you will cease to be a shareholder of the Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of the Reorganization, the Target Fund shareholders will own shares o

=== e9337163bc8c n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form 497 filed 2024-05-22 | acc 0001829126-24-003632 ===
497 1 tcwetftrust_497.htm 497 METROPOLITAN WEST FUNDS Metropolitan West Flexible Income Fund 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 Dear Shareholder: We are writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in Metropolitan West Flexible Income Fund (the “Target Fund”). You are receiving this combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares in the Target Fund, a series of Metropolitan West Funds, a Delaware statutory trust (the “MetWest Trust”), which is managed by Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC (the “Target Fund Adviser”). We are pleased to inform you of the planned reorganization of the Target Fund, which is a mutual fund, with and into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will be managed by TCW Investment Management Company LLC (the “Acquiring Fund Adviser”). The Acquiring Fund Adviser and the Target Fund Adviser are under the common control of The TCW Group, Inc. Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), the Target Fund will be reorganized with and into the TCW Flexible Income ETF (the “Acquiring Fund”), a newly created series of TCW ETF Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the “ETF Trust”), that ha […] ND US A PROXY. The terms and conditions of the Reorganization are further described in this Pro […] y of certain information contained in this Prospectus/Information Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Information Statement, including the Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to the Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Information Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares of the Target Fund. It is proposed that the Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through the Reorganization with and into the Acquiring Fund. The Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of the ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. The Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. The Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the MetWest Trust, on behalf of the Target Fund, the ETF Trust, on behalf of the Acquiring Fund, and the Acquiring Fund Adviser (solely with res […] particular, the Plan provides that (1) the assets of the Target Fund will be acquired by the Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of the Target Fund will be assumed by the Acquiring Fund in exchange for the Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable the Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of the Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the Target Fund’s shareholders, the Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class M shares of the Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganization, the Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. 2 How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? If the Reorganization is completed, you will cease to be a shareholder of the Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of the Reorganization, the Target Fund shareholders will own shares o

=== 0c10ea430aaf n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form N-14 filed 2024-06-12 | acc 0001829126-24-004140 ===
N-14 1 tcwetftrust_n14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 12, 2024 Securities Act File No. 333-[ ] U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ TCW ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Peter Davidson 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (213) 244-0000 Megan McClellan TCW Investment Management Company LLC 515 South Flower Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Name and address of agent for service) Copies to: Brian McCabe Ropes & Gray LLP 800 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02199 Telephone Number: (617) 951-7000 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that the filing will become effective on July 12, 2024 pursuant to Rule 488 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Beneficial Interest, no par  […]  You are receiving this combined Prospectus and Information Statement (the “Prospectus/Informat […] ou are receiving this combined Prospectus and Information Statement (the “Prospectus/Information Statement”) because you own shares in a Target Fund. Metropolitan West Floating Rate Income Fund and Metropolitan West Investment Grade Credit Fund are each a series of Metropolitan West Funds, a Delaware statutory trust (the “MetWest Trust”), which is managed by Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC (the “MetWest Adviser”). TCW High Yield Bond Fund is a series of TCW Funds, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Corporation”), which is managed by TCW Investment Management Company LLC (the “TCW Adviser”). We are pleased to inform you of the planned reorganization of each Target Fund, each of which is a mutual fund, with and into a corresponding exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), each of which will be managed by the TCW Adviser. The TCW Adviser and the MetWest Adviser are under the common control of The TCW Group, Inc. Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), each Target Fund will be reorganized with and into the corresponding acquiring fund, as indicated below (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and collectively, the “Acquiring Funds”), each a newly created series of TCW ETF Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the “ETF Trust”), that has the same investment objective and invest […]  of certain information contained in this Prospectus/Information Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Information Statement, including your Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to each Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Information Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares of a Target Fund. It is proposed that each Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. Each Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the applicable Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the corresponding Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. Each Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the MetWest Trust and the Corporation, on behalf of the relevant Target Fund, the ETF Trust, on behalf of ea […] Target Fund will be acquired by the corresponding Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of each Target Fund will be assumed by the corresponding Acquiring Fund in exchange for Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of that Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the applicable Target Fund’s shareholders, that Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class M and Class N shares of the applicable Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganizations, each Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. How will the Reorganizations affect me as a shareholder? If a Reorganization is completed with respect to your Target Fund, you will cease to be a shareholder of that Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of a Reorganization, T

=== a8b6bb93f499 n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form N-14/A filed 2024-07-10 | acc 0001829126-24-004688 ===
N-14/A 1 tcwetftrust_n14a.htm N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 10, 2024 Securities Act File No. 333-280156 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 ☒ Post-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ TCW ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Peter Davidson 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (213) 244-0000 Megan McClellan TCW Investment Management Company LLC 515 South Flower Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Name and address of agent for service) Copies to: Brian McCabe Ropes & Gray LLP 800 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02199 Telephone Number: (617) 951-7000 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Beneficial Interest, no par value, of TCW Senior Loan ETF, TCW Investment Grade Credit ETF, and TCW High Yield Bond ETF, each a series of the Registrant. The Re […]  You are receiving this combined Prospectus and Information Statement (the “Prospectus/Informat […] ou are receiving this combined Prospectus and Information Statement (the “Prospectus/Information Statement”) because you own shares in a Target Fund. Metropolitan West Floating Rate Income Fund and Metropolitan West Investment Grade Credit Fund are each a series of Metropolitan West Funds, a Delaware statutory trust (the “MetWest Trust”), which is managed by Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC (the “MetWest Adviser”). TCW High Yield Bond Fund is a series of TCW Funds, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Corporation”), which is managed by TCW Investment Management Company LLC (the “TCW Adviser”). We are pleased to inform you of the planned reorganization of each Target Fund, each of which is a mutual fund, with and into a corresponding exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), each of which will be managed by the TCW Adviser. The TCW Adviser and the MetWest Adviser are under the common control of The TCW Group, Inc. Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), each Target Fund will be reorganized with and into the corresponding acquiring fund, as indicated below (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and collectively, the “Acquiring Funds”), each a newly created series of TCW ETF Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the “ETF Trust”), that has the same investment objective and invest […]  of certain information contained in this Prospectus/Information Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Information Statement, including your Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to each Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Information Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares of a Target Fund. It is proposed that each Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. Each Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the applicable Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the corresponding Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. Each Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the MetWest Trust and the Corporation, on behalf of the relevant Target Fund, the ETF Trust, on behalf of ea […] Target Fund will be acquired by the corresponding Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of each Target Fund will be assumed by the corresponding Acquiring Fund in exchange for Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of that Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the applicable Target Fund’s shareholders, that Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class M and Class N shares of the applicable Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganizations, each Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. How will the Reorganizations affect me as a shareholder? If a Reorganization is completed with respect to your Target Fund, you will cease to be a shareholder of that Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of a Reorganization, T

=== 8a3386856bd3 n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form 497 filed 2024-07-12 | acc 0001829126-24-004764 ===
497 1 tcwetftrust_497.htm 497 METROPOLITAN WEST FUNDS Metropolitan West Floating Rate Income Fund Metropolitan West Investment Grade Credit Fund TCW FUNDS, INC TCW High Yield Bond Fund 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 Dear Shareholder: We are writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in one or more of Metropolitan West Floating Rate Income Fund, Metropolitan West Investment Grade Credit Fund, and TCW High Yield Bond Fund (each, a “Target Fund” and collectively, the “Target Funds”). You are receiving this combined Prospectus and Information Statement (the “Prospectus/Information Statement”) because you own shares in a Target Fund. Metropolitan West Floating Rate Income Fund and Metropolitan West Investment Grade Credit Fund are each a series of Metropolitan West Funds, a Delaware statutory trust (the “MetWest Trust”), which is managed by Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC (the “MetWest Adviser”). TCW High Yield Bond Fund is a series of TCW Funds, Inc., a Maryland corporation (the “Corporation”), which is managed by TCW Investment Management Company LLC (the “TCW Adviser”). We are pleased to inform you of the planned reorganization o […] bed in this Prospectus/Information Statement and are set forth in the form of Agreement and Pla […]  of certain information contained in this Prospectus/Information Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Information Statement, including your Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to each Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Information Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares of a Target Fund. It is proposed that each Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through a Reorganization with and into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. Each Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the applicable Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the corresponding Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. Each Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the MetWest Trust and the Corporation, on behalf of the relevant Target Fund, the ETF Trust, on behalf of ea […] Target Fund will be acquired by the corresponding Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of each Target Fund will be assumed by the corresponding Acquiring Fund in exchange for Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of that Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the applicable Target Fund’s shareholders, that Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class M and Class N shares of the applicable Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganizations, each Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. How will the Reorganizations affect me as a shareholder? If a Reorganization is completed with respect to your Target Fund, you will cease to be a shareholder of that Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of a Reorganization, T

=== 0f9a43b0292c n=1 | TCW ETF Trust  (CIK 0001831313) | form N-14 filed 2024-09-12 | acc 0001829126-24-006253 ===
N-14 1 tcwetftrust_n14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 12, 2024 Securities Act File No. 333-[ ] U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ____ ☐ TCW ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) Peter Davidson 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (213) 244-0000 Megan McClellan TCW Investment Management Company LLC 515 South Flower Street, Los Angeles, CA 90071 (Name and address of agent for service) Copies to: Brian McCabe Ropes & Gray LLP 800 Boylston Street Boston, MA 02199 Telephone Number: (617) 951-7000 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that the filing will become effective on October 12, 2024 pursuant to Rule 488 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Beneficial Interest, […] e upon such rule, no filing fee is being paid at this time. TCW METROPOLITAN WEST FUNDS TCW Met […] ing fee is being paid at this time. TCW METROPOLITAN WEST FUNDS TCW Metropolitan West Corporate Bond Fund 515 South Flower Street Los Angeles, CA 90071 Dear Shareholder: We are writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in TCW Metropolitan West Corporate Bond Fund (the “Target Fund”). You are receiving this combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares in the Target Fund, a series of TCW Metropolitan West Funds, a Delaware statutory trust (the “MetWest Trust”), which is managed by Metropolitan West Asset Management, LLC (the “Target Fund Adviser”). We are pleased to inform you of the planned reorganization of the Target Fund, which is a mutual fund, with and into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will be managed by TCW Investment Management Company LLC (the “Acquiring Fund Adviser”). The Acquiring Fund Adviser and the Target Fund Adviser are under the common control of The TCW Group, Inc. Pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”), the Target Fund will be reorganized with and into the TCW Corporate Bond ETF (the “Acquiring Fund”), a newly created series of TCW ETF Trust, a Delaware statutory trust (the “ETF Trust”), that has the same investment objective, investment policies and portfolio management tea […] y of certain information contained in this Prospectus/Information Statement. You should read the more complete information in the rest of this Prospectus/Information Statement, including the Acquiring Fund’s Prospectus (enclosed) and the Plan (which has been filed as an exhibit to the Acquiring Fund’s Registration Statement on Form N-14 of which this Prospectus/Information Statement is a part). Why am I receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement? You are receiving a combined Prospectus/Information Statement because you own shares of the Target Fund. It is proposed that the Target Fund, which is currently operated as a mutual fund, will be converted into an ETF through the Reorganization with and into the Acquiring Fund. The Acquiring Fund is a newly organized series of the ETF Trust and currently has no assets or liabilities. The Acquiring Fund was created specifically in connection with the Reorganization for the purpose of acquiring the assets and assuming the liabilities of the Target Fund and will not commence operations until the closing date of the Reorganization. The Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan between the MetWest Trust, on behalf of the Target Fund, the ETF Trust, on behalf of the Acquiring Fund, and the Acquiring Fund Adviser (solely with res […] particular, the Plan provides that (1) the assets of the Target Fund will be acquired by the Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of the Target Fund will be assumed by the Acquiring Fund in exchange for the Acquiring Fund Shares of equal value to the net assets of the Target Fund being acquired; and (2) the Acquiring Fund Shares received by the applicable the Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed pro rata to shareholders of the Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund Shares are distributed to the Target Fund’s shareholders, the Target Fund will be completely liquidated. The Plan also provides that Class M shares of the Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares with the same aggregate NAV (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) prior to the Reorganization. Following such conversion but prior to the closing of the Reorganization, the Target Fund shall redeem all fractional shares of the Target Fund outstanding on the records of the Target Fund’s transfer agent. 2 How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? If the Reorganization is completed, you will cease to be a shareholder of the Target Fund and will become a shareholder of the Acquiring Fund. Upon completion of the Reorganization, the Target Fund shareholders will own shares o