=== 58b76348c350 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form N-14 filed 2022-08-26 | acc 0000894189-22-006384 ===
N-14 1 n-14.htm N-14 N-14 Filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 26, 2022 Registration No. 333-_____________ UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 Pre-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) (Check appropriate box or boxes.) FUNDX INVESTMENT TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 2020 East Financial Way, Suite 100 Glendora, CA 91741 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jeff Smith FundX Investment Group 101 Montgomery Street, Suite 2400 San Francisco, CA 94104 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copy to: Steven G. Cravath, Esq. Cravath & Associates, LLC 19809 Shady Brook Way Gaithersburg, MD 20879 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that this filing will become effective on September 26, 2022, pursuant to Rule 488. No filing fee is required because of reliance on Section 24(f) of the Investment Compan […] d Services P.O. Box 701 Milwaukee, WI 53201‑0701 1-866-455‑FUND [3863] IMPORTANT NOTICE OF INTE […] AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION STATEMENT PROSPECTUS This Information Statement/Prospectus is available at www.fundxfunds.com . WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. [ ], 2022 Dear Shareholder, We are sending this information to you because you are a shareholder of the FundX Upgrader Fund (the “Upgrader Fund”) or the FundX Aggressive Upgrader Fund (the “Aggressive Upgrader Fund” (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds”), each a series of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”). After careful consideration, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), the Fund’s investment advisor, has recommended converting each Fund into an Exchange Traded Fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF”, that is also a series of the Trust. These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” OCM believes that each Fund’s shareholders will benefit from the Conversion. The Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) has also determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of each Fund and its shareholders, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Each Fund will be converted into an ETF through a reorganization of the Fund into a newly-created ETF, which will also be a series of the Trust. The name of the ETFs will be the FundX ETF and the FundX Aggressive ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs”). Following the Conversions, the advisory agreements and fundamental policies of the FundX ETFs will not be materially different from those of the Funds. Furthermore, as series of the Trust, the FundX ETFs will be overseen by the same independent Board members as the Funds, who were elected by shareholders. In addition, like the Funds, the FundX ETFs do not have a plan pursuant to Rule 12b-1 and are not subject t […]  are a direct shareholder, is contained in the box below. Direct shareholders must do one of the following: 1. Transfer your shares to the broker dealer of your choice. We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred option. This is the option that we recommend. 2. Redeem your shares in the Fund X Upgrader Fund or the FundX Aggress ive Upgrader Fund by 10/07/2022 (one week prior to the conversion). You can do this by calling 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. We recommend you consult with your tax advisor as selling your shares may have tax consequences. If you are a direct shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the applicable corresponding FundX ETF and held by the stock transfer agent, U.S. Bank Global Fund Services, waiting for your instructions. We encourage you to carefully review the enclosed materials, which explain the Reorganizations in more detail. If you have any questions or need additional information, please contact the Funds at 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. Shareholder Letter 3 Important Information for Direct Shareholders Are You a Direct Shareholder? If you are a Direct Shareholder, that means that your shares are held by the Funds’ Transfer Agent. How do you know if you hold your shares directly? If your sh […] ement and Plan of Reorganization At a meeting held on August 25, 2022, the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of the FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), including a majority of the Trustees who are not “interested persons” (“Independent Trustees”), as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“1940 Act”), approved the proposed reorganization of the FundX Upgrader Fund (“FUNDX” and the FundX Aggressive Upgrader Fund (“HOTFX”) (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds” ) into the FundX ETF and the FundX Aggressive ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs”). The reorganization will be accomplished by converting each Fund, which currently operates as a traditional open-end mutual fund, into the corresponding FundX ETF, which operates as an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” Q. Do Shareholders need to vote on this matter? A. No. The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust. Section 4 of Article VIII of the Trust’s Declaration of Trust permits the Trust, unless otherwise required by law, to cause any one or more series of the Trust to be merged or consolidated with or into any one or  […] any who are not interested persons of the surviving company; and (iv) any distribution fees authorized to be paid by the surviving company pursuant to Rule 12b-1 are no greater than the distribution fees of the merging company. As discussed in detail in the Combined Information Statement and Prospectus, the Reorganizations meet the criteria set forth in Rule 17a-8(3). Furthermore, the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, has determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of the Funds, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Q. What is the process for converting the funds into ETFs? What should I expect as a shareholder? A. Your current shares in FUNDX or HOTFX will be exchanged for the same number of shares (less any fractional shares) and value in the corresponding FundX ETF. Shares of the ETFs are not issued in fractional shares, so if you own fractional shares, these will be redeemed at NAV immediately prior to the reorganization, and this will result in a small cash payment, which will be taxable if you hold the shares in a taxable account. Once the conversion has occurred, you will no longer be a shareholder of the FUNDX or HOTFX; you will be a shareholder of the corresponding FundX 

=== e59b78cec6e4 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form N-14/A filed 2022-09-26 | acc 0000894189-22-007112 ===
N-14/A 1 n-14a.htm N-14/A N-14/A Filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on September 26, 2022 Registration No. 333-267121 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) (Check appropriate box or boxes.) FUNDX INVESTMENT TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 2020 East Financial Way, Suite 100 Glendora, CA 91741 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jeff Smith FundX Investment Group 101 Montgomery Street, Suite 2400 San Francisco, CA 94104 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copy to: Steven G. Cravath, Esq. Cravath & Associates, LLC 19809 Shady Brook Way Gaithersburg, MD 20879 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Registrant hereby amends the Registration Statement to delay its effective date until the Registrant shall file a further amendment that specifically states that the Registration S […] d Services P.O. Box 701 Milwaukee, WI 53201‑0701 1-866-455‑FUND [3863] IMPORTANT NOTICE OF INTE […] AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION STATEMENT PROSPECTUS This Information Statement/Prospectus is available at www.fundxfunds.com . WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. [ ], 2022 Dear Shareholder, We are sending this information to you because you are a shareholder of the FundX Upgrader Fund (the “Upgrader Fund”) or the FundX Aggressive Upgrader Fund (the “Aggressive Upgrader Fund” (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds”), each a series of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”). After careful consideration, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), the Fund’s investment advisor, has recommended converting each Fund into an Exchange Traded Fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF”, that is also a series of the Trust. These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” OCM believes that each Fund’s shareholders will benefit from the Conversion. The Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) has also determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of each Fund and its shareholders, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Each Fund will be converted into an ETF through a reorganization of the Fund into a newly-created ETF, which will also be a series of the Trust. The name of the ETFs will be the FundX ETF and the FundX Aggressive ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs”). Following the Conversions, the advisory agreements and fundamental policies of the FundX ETFs will not be materially different from those of the Funds. Furthermore, as series of the Trust, the FundX ETFs will be overseen by the same independent Board members as the Funds, who were elected by shareholders. In addition, like the Funds, the FundX ETFs do not have a plan pursuant to Rule 12b-1 and are not subject t […]  are a direct shareholder, is contained in the box below. Direct shareholders must do one of the following: 1. Transfer your shares to the broker dealer of your choice. We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred option. This is the option that we recommend. 2. Redeem your shares in the Fund X Upgrader Fund or the FundX Aggress ive Upgrader Fund by 10/07/2022 (one week prior to the conversion). You can do this by calling 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. We recommend you consult with your tax advisor as selling your shares may have tax consequences. If you are a direct shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the applicable corresponding FundX ETF and held by the stock transfer agent, U.S. Bank Global Fund Services, waiting for your instructions. We encourage you to carefully review the enclosed materials, which explain the Reorganizations in more detail. If you have any questions or need additional information, please contact the Funds at 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. Shareholder Letter 3 Important Information for Direct Shareholders Are You a Direct Shareholder? If you are a Direct Shareholder, that means that your shares are held by the Funds’ Transfer Agent. How do you know if you hold your shares directly? If your sh […] ement and Plan of Reorganization At a meeting held on August 25, 2022, the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of the FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), including a majority of the Trustees who are not “interested persons” (“Independent Trustees”), as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“1940 Act”), approved the proposed reorganization of the FundX Upgrader Fund (“FUNDX” and the FundX Aggressive Upgrader Fund (“HOTFX”) (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds” ) into the FundX ETF and the FundX Aggressive ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs”). The reorganization will be accomplished by converting each Fund, which currently operates as a traditional open-end mutual fund, into the corresponding FundX ETF, which operates as an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” Q. Do Shareholders need to vote on this matter? A. No. The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust. Section 4 of Article VIII of the Trust’s Declaration of Trust permits the Trust, unless otherwise required by law, to cause any one or more series of the Trust to be merged or consolidated with or into any one or  […] any who are not interested persons of the surviving company; and (iv) any distribution fees authorized to be paid by the surviving company pursuant to Rule 12b-1 are no greater than the distribution fees of the merging company. As discussed in detail in the Combined Information Statement and Prospectus, the Reorganizations meet the criteria set forth in Rule 17a-8(3). Furthermore, the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, has determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of the Funds, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Q. What is the process for converting the funds into ETFs? What should I expect as a shareholder? A. Your current shares in FUNDX or HOTFX will be exchanged for the same number of shares (less any fractional shares) and value in the corresponding FundX ETF. Shares of the ETFs are not issued in fractional shares, so if you own fractional shares, these will be redeemed at NAV immediately prior to the reorganization, and this will result in a small cash payment, which will be taxable if you hold the shares in a taxable account. Once the conversion has occurred, you will no longer be a shareholder of the FUNDX or HOTFX; you will be a shareholder of the corresponding FundX 

=== 933de2b7b746 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form 497 filed 2022-09-30 | acc 0000894189-22-007359 ===
497 1 a497c.htm 497 497C FUNDX UPGRADER FUND AND FUNDX AGGRESSIVE UPGRADER FUND each a series of FundX Investment Trust c/o U.S. Bank Global Fund Services P.O. Box 701 Milwaukee, WI 53201‑0701 1-866-455‑FUND [3863] IMPORTANT NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION STATEMENT PROSPECTUS This Information Statement/Prospectus is available at www.fundxfunds.com . WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. September 30, 2022 Dear Shareholder, We are sending this information to you because you are a shareholder of the FundX Upgrader Fund (the “Upgrader Fund”) or the FundX Aggressive Upgrader Fund (the “Aggressive Upgrader Fund” (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds”), each a series of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”). After careful consideration, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), the Fund’s investment advisor, has recommended converting each Fund into an Exchange Traded Fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF”, that is also a series of the Trust. These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” OCM believes that each Fund’s sh […] sets between $750 million and $1 billion, and 0.70% on assets over $1 billion. FundX Aggressive […] atile that this mechanism breaks down, and there have been instances where some exchange traded funds trade at prices significantly different from the NAV. Q. When will the Conversion occur? A. The Advisor is anticipating a Conversion date of around October 17, 2022. This date could be delayed, because some administrative conditions must be satisfied to implement the Funds’ conversion. The Funds will publicly disclose updates on material developments throughout the process. Additionally, updates on the Conversion process will be available at www.fundxfunds.com . Q. Are the other FundX Funds turning into ETFs? A. There are no current plans to convert the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (RELAX), Sustainable Impact Fund (SRIFX), and Flexible Income Fund (INCMX). However, if you currently own Questions & Answers 7 these funds directly with our shareholder services at U.S. Bank Global Fund Services (“Global Fund Services”), you may consider transferring these shares to a brokerage account in order to keep your investments all in one place. Q. Who will pay for the Conversion? A. The costs of the Reorganization will be borne by the Advisor. The costs associated with the Reorganization will not have an effect on the net asset value per share of the Fund. The costs associated with the Re

=== 58bc89fa89c7 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form 497K filed 2023-06-26 | acc 0000894189-23-004375 ===
497K 1 fundxconservativeupgraderfb.htm 497K ETF CONVERSION Document FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund – RELAX Supplement dated June 26, 2023 to the Summary Prospectus dated January 30, 2023 This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus and should be read in conjunction with those documents. This supplement is being provided for information purposes only; no securities are being offered hereby. The Board of Trustees of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), at a board meeting held on May 17, 2023, approved converting the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (the "Fund") into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) by the reorganization of the Fund into the corresponding ETF, as listed below. The ETF will be a newly created series of the Trust. Fund ETF FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund → FundX Conservative ETF There will be no change to the Fund’s investment objective, investment strategies or portfolio management as a result of the reorganizations. Further information with respect to the reorganization will be mailed before the consummation of the reorganization to holders of the Fund’s shares as of the record date. Please retain this Supp

=== 8fab1e8b3680 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form 497K filed 2023-06-26 | acc 0000894189-23-004376 ===
497K 1 fundxflexibleincomefundtoea.htm 497K ETF CONVERSION Document FundX Flexible Income Fund – INCMX Supplement dated June 26, 2023 to the Summary Prospectus dated January 30, 2023 This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Summary Prospectus and should be read in conjunction with those documents. This supplement is being provided for information purposes only; no securities are being offered hereby. The Board of Trustees of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), at a board meeting held on May 17, 2023, approved converting the FundX Flexible Income Fund (the "Fund") into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) by the reorganization of the Fund into the corresponding ETF, as listed below. The ETF will be a newly created series of the Trust. Fund ETF FundX Flexible Income Fund → FundX Flexible ETF There will be no change to the Fund’s investment objective, investment strategies or portfolio management as a result of the reorganizations. Further information with respect to the reorganization will be mailed before the consummation of the reorganization to holders of the Fund’s shares as of the record date. Please retain this Supplement with your Summa

=== 513239b4258b n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form 497 filed 2023-06-26 | acc 0000894189-23-004374 ===
497 1 fundxmutualfundstoetfconve.htm 497E MUTUAL FUNDS TO ETFS CONVERSION Document FundX Flexible Income Fund – INCMX FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund – RELAX Supplement dated June 26, 2023 to the Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”) dated January 30, 2023 This supplement provides new and additional information beyond that contained in the Prospectus and SAI, and should be read in conjunction with those documents. This supplement is being provided for information purposes only; no securities are being offered hereby. The Board of Trustees of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), at a board meeting held on May 17, 2023, approved converting each Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) by the reorganization of each Fund into a corresponding ETF, as listed below. Each ETF will be a newly created series of the Trust. Fund ETF FundX Flexible Income Fund → FundX Flexible ETF FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund → FundX Conservative ETF There will be no change to each Fund’s investment objective, investment strategies or portfolio management as a result of the reorganizations. Further information with respect to the reorganizations will be mailed before the consummation

=== 0e072d9284f7 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form N-14 filed 2023-08-15 | acc 0000894189-23-005621 ===
N-14 1 fundxn-14august2023.htm N-14 fundxn-14august2023 Filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 15, 2023 Registration No. 333-[ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 Pre-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) (Check appropriate box or boxes.) FUNDX INVESTMENT TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 2020 East Financial Way, Suite 100 Glendora, CA 91741 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jeff Smith FundX Investment Group 101 Montgomery Street, Suite 2400 San Francisco, CA 94104 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copy to: Steven G. Cravath, Esq. Cravath & Associates, LLC 19809 Shady Brook Way Gaithersburg, MD 20879 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that this filing will become effective on September 14, 2023, pursuant to Rule 488. No filing fee is required because of reliance on Section 24(f) of t […] 1 Milwaukee, WI 53201‑0701 1-866-455‑FUND [3863] IMPORTANT NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF I […] ATION STATEMENT PROSPECTUS This Information Statement/Prospectus is available at www.fundxfunds.com . WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. [DATE], 2023 Dear Shareholder, We are sending this information to you because you are a shareholder of the FundX Flexible Income Fund (the “Flexible Income Fund”) or the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (the “Conservative Upgrader Fund” (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds”), each a series of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”). After careful consideration, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), each Fund’s investment advisor, has recommended converting each Fund into an Exchange Traded Fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF”, that is also a series of the Trust. These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” OCM believes that each Fund’s shareholders will benefit from the Conversion. The Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) has also determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of each Fund and its shareholders, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Each Fund will be converted into an ETF through a reorganization of the Fund into a newly-created ETF, which will also be a series of the Trust. The name of the ETFs will be the FundX Flexible ETF and the FundX Conservative ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs”). Following the Conversions, the advisory agreements and fundamental policies of the FundX ETFs will not be materially different from those of the Funds. Furthermore, as series of the Trust, the FundX ETFs will be overseen by the same independent Board members as the Funds, who were elected by shareholders. In addition, like the Funds, the FundX ETFs do not have a plan pursuant to Rule 12b-1 and are no […]  shareholder, is contained in the box below. Direct shareholders must do one of the following: 1. Transfer your shares to the broker dealer of your choice. We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred option. This is the option that we recommend. 2. Redeem your shares in the Fund X Flexible Income Fund or the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund by October 3, 2023 (one week prior to the conversion). You can do this by calling 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. We recommend you consult with your tax advisor as selling your shares may have tax consequences. If you are a direct shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the applicable corresponding FundX ETF and held by the stock transfer agent, U.S. Bank Global Fund Services, waiting for your instructions. We encourage you to carefully review the enclosed materials, which explain the Reorganizations in more detail. If you have any questions or need additional information, please contact the Funds at 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. Shareholder Letter 3 Important Information for Direct Shareholders Are You a Direct Shareholder? If you are a Direct Shareholder, that means that your shares are held by the Funds’ Transfer Agent. How do you know if you hold your shares directly? If your sh […] “Board”) of the FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), including a majority of the Trustees who are not “interested persons” (“Independent Trustees”), as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“1940 Act”), approved the proposed reorganization of the FundX Flexible Income Fund (“INCMX” and the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (“RELAX”) (each, a “Fund” or “Target Fund,” and together, the “Funds” or the “Target Funds” ) into the FundX Flexible ETF and the FundX Conservative ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF” or “Acquiring ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs” or “Acquiring ETFs”). The reorganization will be accomplished by converting each Fund, which currently operates as a traditional open-end mutual fund, into the corresponding FundX ETF, which operates as an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” Q. Do Shareholders need to vote on this matter? A. No. The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust. Section 4 of Article VIII of the Trust’s Declaration of Trust permits the Trust, unless otherwise required by law, to cause any one or more series of the Trust to be merged or consolidated with or into any one or  […] any who are not interested persons of the surviving company; and (iv) any distribution fees authorized to be paid by the surviving company pursuant to Rule 12b-1 are no greater than the distribution fees of the merging company. As discussed in detail in the Combined Information Statement and Prospectus, the Reorganizations meet the criteria set forth in Rule 17a-8(3). Furthermore, the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, has determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of the Funds, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Q. What is the process for converting the funds into ETFs? What should I expect as a shareholder? A. Your current shares in INCMX or RELAX will be exchanged for the same number of shares (less any fractional shares) and value in the corresponding FundX ETF. Shares of the ETFs are not issued in fractional shares, so if you own fractional shares, these will be redeemed at NAV immediately prior to the reorganization, and this will result in a small cash payment, which will be taxable if you hold the shares in a taxable account. Once the conversion has occurred, you will no longer be a shareholder of the INCMX or RELAX; you will be a shareholder of the corresponding FundX 

=== de650c5475d4 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form N-14 filed 2023-08-25 | acc 0000894189-23-006218 ===
N-14 1 fundxetfn-14rexfileaugust2.htm N-14 FundX ETF N-14 Re-File August 2023 Filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2023 Registration No. 333-[ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 Pre-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. __ [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) (Check appropriate box or boxes.) FUNDX INVESTMENT TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 2020 East Financial Way, Suite 100 Glendora, CA 91741 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 914-7363 Jeff Smith FundX Investment Group 101 Montgomery Street, Suite 2400 San Francisco, CA 94104 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copy to: Steven G. Cravath, Esq. Cravath & Associates, LLC 19809 Shady Brook Way Gaithersburg, MD 20879 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that this Registration Statement will not become effective until the Registrant files an amendment that specifically states that  […] 1 Milwaukee, WI 53201‑0701 1-866-455‑FUND [3863] IMPORTANT NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF I […] ATION STATEMENT PROSPECTUS This Information Statement/Prospectus is available at www.fundxfunds.com . WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. [DATE], 2023 Dear Shareholder, We are sending this information to you because you are a shareholder of the FundX Flexible Income Fund (the “Flexible Income Fund”) or the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (the “Conservative Upgrader Fund” (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds”), each a series of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”). After careful consideration, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), each Fund’s investment advisor, has recommended converting each Fund into an Exchange Traded Fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF”, that is also a series of the Trust. These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” OCM believes that each Fund’s shareholders will benefit from the Conversion. The Board of Trustees of the Trust (the “Board”) has also determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of each Fund and its shareholders, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Each Fund will be converted into an ETF through a reorganization of the Fund into a newly-created ETF, which will also be a series of the Trust. The name of the ETFs will be the FundX Flexible ETF and the FundX Conservative ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs”). Following the Conversions, the advisory agreements and fundamental policies of the FundX ETFs will not be materially different from those of the Funds. Furthermore, as series of the Trust, the FundX ETFs will be overseen by the same independent Board members as the Funds, who were elected by shareholders. In addition, like the Funds, the FundX ETFs do not have a plan pursuant to Rule 12b-1 and are no […]  shareholder, is contained in the box below. Direct shareholders must do one of the following: 1. Transfer your shares to the broker dealer of your choice. We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred option. This is the option that we recommend. 2. Redeem your shares in the Fund X Flexible Income Fund or the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund by October 3, 2023 (one week prior to the conversion). You can do this by calling 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. We recommend you consult with your tax advisor as selling your shares may have tax consequences. If you are a direct shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the applicable corresponding FundX ETF and held by the stock transfer agent, U.S. Bank Global Fund Services, waiting for your instructions. We encourage you to carefully review the enclosed materials, which explain the Reorganizations in more detail. If you have any questions or need additional information, please contact the Funds at 1-866-455‑FUND [3863]. Shareholder Letter 3 Important Information for Direct Shareholders Are You a Direct Shareholder? If you are a Direct Shareholder, that means that your shares are held by the Funds’ Transfer Agent. How do you know if you hold your shares directly? If your sh […] “Board”) of the FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”), including a majority of the Trustees who are not “interested persons” (“Independent Trustees”), as defined in the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (“1940 Act”), approved the proposed reorganization of the FundX Flexible Income Fund (“INCMX” and the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (“RELAX”) (each, a “Fund” or “Target Fund,” and together, the “Funds” or the “Target Funds” ) into the FundX Flexible ETF and the FundX Conservative ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF” or “Acquiring ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs” or “Acquiring ETFs”). The reorganization will be accomplished by converting each Fund, which currently operates as a traditional open-end mutual fund, into the corresponding FundX ETF, which operates as an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” Q. Do Shareholders need to vote on this matter? A. No. The Trust is a Delaware statutory trust. Section 4 of Article VIII of the Trust’s Declaration of Trust permits the Trust, unless otherwise required by law, to cause any one or more series of the Trust to be merged or consolidated with or into any one or  […] any who are not interested persons of the surviving company; and (iv) any distribution fees authorized to be paid by the surviving company pursuant to Rule 12b-1 are no greater than the distribution fees of the merging company. As discussed in detail in the Combined Information Statement and Prospectus, the Reorganizations meet the criteria set forth in Rule 17a-8(3). Furthermore, the Board, including a majority of the Independent Trustees, has determined that the Conversions are in the best interests of the Funds, and that the interests of the Funds’ shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Conversions. Q. What is the process for converting the funds into ETFs? What should I expect as a shareholder? A. Your current shares in INCMX or RELAX will be exchanged for the same number of shares (less any fractional shares) and value in the corresponding FundX ETF. Shares of the ETFs are not issued in fractional shares, so if you own fractional shares, these will be redeemed at NAV immediately prior to the reorganization, and this will result in a small cash payment, which will be taxable if you hold the shares in a taxable account. Once the conversion has occurred, you will no longer be a shareholder of the INCMX or RELAX; you will be a shareholder of the corresponding FundX 

=== ede61765c5f5 n=1 | FundX Investment Trust  (CIK 0001602508) | form 497 filed 2023-09-12 | acc 0000894189-23-006958 ===
497 1 fundxetfsn-14497cseptember.htm 497C FundX ETFs N-14 497C September 2023 FUNDX FLEXIBLE INCOME FUND AND FUNDX CONSERVATIVE UPGRADER FUND each a series of FundX Investment Trust c/o U.S. Bank Global Fund Services P.O. Box 701 Milwaukee, WI 53201‑0701 1-866-455‑FUND [3863] IMPORTANT NOTICE OF INTERNET AVAILABILITY OF INFORMATION STATEMENT PROSPECTUS This Information Statement/Prospectus is available at www.fundxfunds.com . WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. September 12, 2023 Dear Shareholder, We are sending this information to you because you are a shareholder of the FundX Flexible Income Fund (the “Flexible Income Fund”) or the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (the “Conservative Upgrader Fund” (each, a “Fund,” and together, the “Funds”), each a series of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”). After careful consideration, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), each Fund’s investment advisor, has recommended converting each Fund into an Exchange Traded Fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF”, that is also a series of the Trust. These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or togethe […] ribution of capital gains, but ETFs generally have been able to avoid large annual distribution […] contact your broker. After the Conversions, you will hold shares of the FundX ETF that corresponds to the shares you held in a Fund. Because the FundX ETFs are exchange-traded funds, this means that you cannot redeem your individual shares anymore. Instead, you will need to call Questions & Answers 8 your broker and place an order to sell your FundX ETF shares on the Exchange. Depending on your brokerage firm this may mean paying a commission. Likewise, if you would like to purchase shares of a FundX ETF you may purchase shares on the Exchange; this can be initiated by contacting your broker. Q. What if I don’t want my shares to be converted into an ETF? A. You’ll need to redeem your shares by October 3, 2023 (one week prior to the Conversion). We recommend you consult with your tax advisor as selling your shares may have tax consequences. Q. How will this affect my investment plans? A. The conversion should have no effect on your portfolio plan. Both Funds will target the same levels of risk when they reorganize into the FundX ETFs. However, if you have any concerns about your portfolio or questions about your plans, call OCM at 800-323-1510. OCM representatives are available to help shareholders understand how to best use the FundX ETFs to work toward their personal financial g […] 3 WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY This Combined Information Statement and Prospectus (the “Information Statement”) is furnished to you as a shareholder of the FundX Flexible Income Fund (the “Flexible Income Fund”) and/or the FundX Conservative Upgrader Fund (the “Conservative Upgrader Fund”) (each, a “Fund” or “Target Fund,” and together, the “Funds” or “Target Funds”). After careful consideration, the Funds’ investment advisor, One Capital Management, LLC (“OCM” or the “Advisor”), has recommended, and the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of FundX Investment Trust (the “Trust”) has approved, the reorganization of the Target Funds into the FundX Flexible ETF and the FundX Conservative ETF, respectively (each, a “FundX ETF,” or “Acquiring ETF,” and together, the “FundX ETFs” or the “Acquiring ETFs”). These transactions will each be referred to as the “Conversion” or “Reorganization,” or together as the “Conversions” or the “Reorganizations.” OCM believes that each Fund’s shareholders will benefit from the Conversion. Both the Funds and the FundX ETFs are series of the Trust, a Delaware statutory trust. Each Target Fund will reorganize into the corresponding Acquiring ETF as set forth in the table below: Target Fund Acquiring ETF FundX 