=== d825eb1cf832 n=1 | Global X Funds  (CIK 0001432353) | form N-14/A filed 2023-01-18 | acc 0001432353-23-000014 ===
N-14/A 1 formn-14xmiraeglobalxconve.htm FORM N-14/A - MIRAE/GLOBAL X Document As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 18, 2023 1933 Act File No.333-268810 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 [X] Pre-Effective Amendment No. ___ [ X ] Post-Effective Amendment No. ___ [ ] GLOBAL X FUNDS (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified In Its Charter) 605 3rd Avenue, 43 rd Floor New York, NY 10158 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (212) 644-6440 Send Copies of Communications to: Luis Berruga Eric S. Purple, Esquire 605 3rd Avenue, 43rd Floor Stradley Ronon Stevens & Young, LLP New York, New York 10158 2000 K Street, N.W., Suite 700 (NAME AND ADDRESS OF AGENT FOR SERVICE) Washington, D.C. 20006 Title of Securities being Registered: Global X Emerging Markets ETF and Global X Emerging Markets Great Consumer ETF Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after the Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No filing fee is required under the S […]  because an indefinite number of shares of beneficial interest have previously been registered  […] ed pursuant to Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. This Registration Statement shall become effective in accordance with Section 8(a) of the Securities Act of 1933 or on such earlier date as the Commission acting pursuant to said Section 8(a), may determine. MIRAE ASSET DISCOVERY FUNDS Emerging Markets Fund Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund 1212 Avenue of the Americas, 10 th Floor New York, NY 10036 (212) 205-8342 Dear Shareholder: On behalf of the Board of Trustees of the Mirae Asset Discovery Funds (the “Mirae Asset Board”), we are pleased to inform you of our plan to reorganize each mutual fund listed below into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”): • Emerging Markets Fund, and • Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund (each, a “Target Fund” and collectively, the “Target Funds”). The Target Funds are series of the Mirae Asset Discovery Funds, a Delaware statutory trust. The Mirae Asset Board has called a joint Special Meeting of Shareholders (together with any adjournments or postponements thereof, the “Special Meeting”) of the Target Funds, to be held on March 1, 2023, at 10:00 a.m. (Eastern time), at 1212 Avenue of the Americas, 10 th Floor, New York, NY 10036. At the Special Meeting, the shareholders of each Target Fund will be asked to approve the conversion of each Target Fund into an ETF through the reorganization (each, a “Reorganization” and collectively, the “Reorganizations”) of the Target Fund into a corresponding newly created series of Global X Funds as shown below (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and collectively, the “Acquiring Funds”): Target Funds (series of Mirae Asset Discovery Funds) Acquiring Funds (series of Global X Funds) Emerging Markets Fund Global X Emerging Markets ETF Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund Global X Emerging Markets Great Consumer ETF The Acquiring Funds will be advised by Global X Management Company LLC, an affiliate of Mirae Asset Global Investments (USA) LLC, the investment manage […] eholders of each of the Emerging Markets Fund and the Emerging Markets Great Consumer Fund (each, a “Target Fund” and collectively, the “Target Funds”) are being asked to vote. These proposals are described in more detail in the enclosed combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus, which you should read carefully. COMMON QUESTIONS ABOUT THE PROPOSED REORGANIZATIONS Q. WHAT IS BEING PROPOSED? A. Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. If the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Reorganization Agreement”) for your Target Fund is approved by shareholders, each Target Fund (each, a series of the Mirae Asset Discovery Funds) will be converted into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the reorganization of the Target Fund into the corresponding Acquiring Fund listed below (each, a “Reorganization” and collectively, the “Reorganizations”). An ETF is a pooled investment vehicle with shares that can be bought or sold throughout the day on stock exchanges at market prices. ETFs do not sell shares directly to, or redeem shares directly from investors. Rather, only financial institutions known as authorized participants are permitted to purchase and redeem shares directly from the ETF. Each Acquiring Fund is a newly created series of Global X Funds (the "Global X Trust") established solely for the purpose of acquiring the assets and […] ng Fund, (1) the assets of the Target Fund will be acquired by the Acquiring Fund and the liabilities of the Target Fund will be assumed by the Acquiring Fund in exchange for Acquiring Fund shares; and (2) the Acquiring Fund shares received by the Target Fund in the exchange will then be distributed to shareholders of the Target Fund. After the Acquiring Fund shares are distributed to the Target Fund’s shareholders, the Target Fund will be liquidated and dissolved. In addition, if the Reorganization Agreement is approved by each Target Fund’s shareholders, immediately prior to the Reorganization, Class A and Class C shares of the Target Fund will be converted into Class I shares (without a contingent deferred sales charge or other charge) in preparation for the Reorganizations. The closing of each Target Fund’s Reorganization, which is expected to occur on the Closing Date, is contingent upon shareholder approval of the Reorganization Agreement with respect to such Target Fund and further conditioned upon certain other closing conditions, including, receipt of an opinion of counsel to the Acquiring Funds that each Reorganization qualifies as a tax-free reorganization for federal income tax purposes. Q. HOW WILL I BE AFFECTED BY THE REORGANIZATIONS? A. Following the Reorganization

=== dd2f89f9a1ba n=1 | Goldman Sachs ETF Trust  (CIK 0001479026) | form N-14 filed 2022-10-04 | acc 0001193125-22-257509 ===
N-14 1 d396592dn14.htm GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST Goldman Sachs ETF Trust Securities Act File No. [●] As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 4, 2022 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (212) 902-1000 CAROLINE L. KRAUS, ESQ. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) COPY TO: STEPHEN H. BIER, ESQ. ALLISON M. FUMAI, ESQ. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Goldman Sachs Defensive Equity ETF, a series of the Registrant. The Registrant has registered an indefinite amount of securities pursuant to Rule 24f-2 […] nd”), a series of the Goldman Sachs Trust (the “Acquired Fund Trust”), to approve an Agreement  […] nt and Plan of Reorganization and Liquidation (the “Plan”) providing for the transfer of the assets of the Acquired Fund to the Goldman Sachs Defensive Equity ETF (the “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Acquired Fund, the “Funds”), a series of the Goldman Sachs ETF Trust (the “Acquiring Fund Trust”), in exchange for the assumption of the Acquired Fund’s liabilities by the Acquiring Fund and shares of the Acquiring Fund, followed by the complete liquidation of the Acquired Fund, as described more fully in the Plan (the “Reorganization”). The Acquired Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. The Acquired Fund will be reorganized into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the Reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the Acquiring Fund. The Acquired Fund and the Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. The Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan. The Plan provides for the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of the Acquired Fund to the Acquiring Fund in exchange for shares of the Acquiring Fund having an aggregate net asset value (“NAV”) equal to the aggregate NAV of the Acquired Fund followed immediately by the distribution by the Acquired Fund to its shareholders of the portion of  […]  Fund on the Closing Date of the Reorganization, your shares will be held by a stock transfer agent until a brokerage account is identified or the account is converted to cash (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct individual retirement account (“IRA”) and do not take action prior to the Reorganization, your Acquired Fund shares will be exchanged for Class A Shares of Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. QUESTIONS SPECIFIC TO PROPOSAL 1 — TO APPROVE THE PLAN RELATING TO THE REORGANIZATION OF THE ACQUIRED FUND INTO THE ACQUIRING FUND. Q. Am I Being Asked to Vote on the Reorganization? A. Yes. The Reorganization is subject to shareholder approval. Q : Why am I being asked to approve the Plan relating to the reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the Acquiring Fund? A: The Reorganization was recommended by the Funds’ investment adviser, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. (“GSAM”), because it believes the investment strategy of the Acquired Fund would be better positioned in an ETF format. iii The Board of Trustees of the Acquired Fund (the “Acquired Fund Trust Board”), after careful consideration, unanimously approved the Plan. After considering the recommendation of the Investment Adviser, the Acquired Fund Trust Board, including all of the Independent Trustees (i.e., Trustees who are not “interested persons” of the Acquired Fund as defined  […] e orders, exchange orders, and redemption orders must be received by the Acquired Fund by the dates indicated below: Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Purchase Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund for Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Redeem Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange Acquired Fund Shares for Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund Class A Closed to new investments September 21, 2022 January 17, 2023 Class C Closed to new investments September 21, 2022 January 17, 2023 Institutional January 19, 2023 January 19, 2023 vi In anticipation of the Reorganization, Class A Shares and Class C Shares will be converted to Institutional Shares on or about January 17, 2023. If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct IRA, your Acquired Fund Shares will initially be converted to Institutional Shares. On the Closing Date, your Institutional Shares will be converted to Class A Shares of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. These dates may change if the Closing Date of the Reorganization changes. Any changes to the Closing Date of the Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. If you redeem or exchange your Acquired Fund shares, you will recognize a taxable gain or loss based on the difference between your tax basis in the shares and the amount you receive for them, if the Acquired Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Q. How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? What do I need to do to pre […] on-Accommodating Brokerage Accounts. If your shares are held in an account that cannot accept ETF shares, you will need to contact your financial intermediary to set up a brokerage account that permits investment in ETF shares. If such a change is not made before the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund Shares received by you in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, until a brokerage account is identified into which the stock transfer agent can transfer the shares. As planned, if the Acquiring Fund Shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund Shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds will be sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund Shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will likely be a taxable event for shareholders who hold their shares in a taxable account.] • Non-Accommodating Retirement Accounts . If you hold your shares of an Acquired Fund through an IRA or group retirement plan whose plan sponsor does not have the ability to hold shares of ETFs on its platform, you may need to redeem your shares prior to the Reorganization or your financial intermed

=== a77736bf5328 n=1 | Goldman Sachs ETF Trust  (CIK 0001479026) | form 497 filed 2022-11-08 | acc 0001193125-22-280037 ===
497 1 d396592d497.htm GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST Goldman Sachs ETF Trust Filed pursuant to Rule 497(b) File No. 333-267727 GOLDMAN SACHS DEFENSIVE EQUITY FUND a series of GOLDMAN SACHS TRUST 71 South Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois 60606 November 8, 2022 Dear Shareholder: You are cordially invited to attend a Special Meeting of Shareholders (the “Meeting”) of the Goldman Sachs Defensive Equity Fund (the “Acquired Fund”), a series of the Goldman Sachs Trust (the “Acquired Fund Trust”), to be held on January 6, 2023, at 10:00 am (Eastern time). The Meeting will be conducted as a virtual meeting hosted by means of a live webcast. The Board of Trustees of the Acquired Fund Trust (the “Acquired Fund Trust Board”) has implemented a virtual meeting format primarily to reflect our and global concerns regarding the spread of COVID-19. Shareholders will be able to listen, vote, and submit questions from their home or any location with internet connectivity. You or your proxyholder will be able to attend the Meeting online, vote and submit questions by visiting https://www.viewproxy.com/goldmansachs/broadridgevsm/ and using a control number assigned by Broadridge Financial Solutions, Inc. To regi […] nd”), a series of the Goldman Sachs Trust (the “Acquired Fund Trust”), to approve an Agreement  […] nt and Plan of Reorganization and Liquidation (the “Plan”) providing for the transfer of the assets of the Acquired Fund to the Goldman Sachs Defensive Equity ETF (the “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Acquired Fund, the “Funds”), a series of the Goldman Sachs ETF Trust (the “Acquiring Fund Trust”), in exchange for the assumption of the Acquired Fund’s liabilities by the Acquiring Fund and shares of the Acquiring Fund, followed by the complete liquidation of the Acquired Fund, as described more fully in the Plan (the “Reorganization”). The Acquired Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. The Acquired Fund will be reorganized into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the Reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the Acquiring Fund. The Acquired Fund and the Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. The Reorganization will be accomplished in accordance with the Plan. The Plan provides for the transfer of all of the assets and liabilities of the Acquired Fund to the Acquiring Fund in exchange for shares of the Acquiring Fund having an aggregate net asset value (“NAV”) equal to the aggregate NAV of the Acquired Fund followed immediately by the distribution by the Acquired Fund to its shareholders of the portion of  […] tirement account (“IRA”) and do not take action prior to the Reorganization, your Acquired Fund shares will be exchanged for Class A Shares of Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. If you are unsure about the ability of your account to accept shares of the Acquiring Fund, please contact your financial advisor or other financial intermediary. For investors that hold their accounts through the transfer agent, please call 1-800-621-2550 for Institutional Shares and 1-800-526-7384 for Class A and Class C Shares. QUESTIONS SPECIFIC TO PROPOSAL 1 — TO APPROVE THE PLAN RELATING TO THE REORGANIZATION OF THE ACQUIRED FUND INTO THE ACQUIRING FUND. Q. Am I Being Asked to Vote on the Reorganization? A. Yes. The Reorganization is subject to shareholder approval. iii Q : Why am I being asked to approve the Plan relating to the reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the Acquiring Fund? A: The Reorganization was recommended by the Funds’ investment adviser, Goldman Sachs Asset Management, L.P. (“GSAM”), because it believes the investment strategy of the Acquired Fund would be better positioned in an ETF format. The Board of Trustees of the Acquired Fund (the “Acquired Fund Trust Board”), after careful consideration, unanimously approved the Plan. After c […] U.S. federal income tax purposes, except with respect to cash received by shareholders. If the Reorganization qualifies for tax-free treatment, Acquired Fund shareholders would recognize no gain or loss for U.S […] hase orders, exchange orders, and redemption orders must be received by the Acquired Fund by the dates indicated below: Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Purchase Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund for Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Redeem Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange Acquired Fund Shares for Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund Class A Closed to new investments September 21, 2022 January 17, 2023 Class C Closed to new investments September 21, 2022 January 17, 2023 Institutional January 19, 2023 January 19, 2023 In anticipation of the Reorganization, Class A Shares and Class C Shares will be converted to Institutional Shares on or about January 17, 2023. If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct IRA, your Acquired Fund Shares will initially be converted to Institutional Shares. On the Closing Date, your Institutional Shares will be converted to Class A Shares of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. These dates may change if the Closing Date of the Reorganization changes. Any changes to the Closing Date of the Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. If you redeem or exchange your Acquired Fund shares, you will recognize a taxable gain or loss based on the difference between your tax basis in the shares and the amount you receive for them, if the Acquired Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Q. How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? What do I need to do to pre […] g Brokerage Accounts. If your shares are held in an account that cannot accept ETF shares, you will need to contact your financial intermediary to set up a brokerage account that permits investment in ETF shares. If such a change is not made before the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund Shares received by you in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, if applicable, until a brokerage account is identified into which the stock transfer agent can transfer the shares. As planned, if the Acquiring Fund Shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund Shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds vii will be sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund Shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will likely be a taxable event for shareholders who hold their shares in a taxable account. • Non-Accommodating Retirement Accounts . If you hold your shares of an Acquired Fund through an IRA or group retirement plan whose plan sponsor does not have the ability to hold shares of ETFs on its platform, you may need to redeem your shares prior to the Reorganization or your financial inter

=== cb25b20e1892 n=1 | Goldman Sachs ETF Trust  (CIK 0001479026) | form N-14 filed 2025-06-20 | acc 0001193125-25-143723 ===
N-14 1 d157286dn14.htm GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST Goldman Sachs ETF Trust Securities Act File No. 333-[•] As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 20, 2025 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (212) 902-1000 ROBERT GRIFFITH, ESQ. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) COPY TO: STEPHEN H. BIER, ESQ. ALLISON M. FUMAI, ESQ. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Goldman Sachs Enhanced U.S. Equity ETF, Goldman Sachs Growth Opportunities ETF, Goldman Sachs Value Opportunities ETF and Goldman Sachs Technology Oppo […] your Acquired Fund by the dates indicated below: Acquired Fund Final Date to Purchase Acquired  […] ed Fund Shares Final Date to Redeem Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange for Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund Goldman Sachs Enhanced U.S. Equity Fund, Goldman Sachs Focused Value Fund and Goldman Sachs Strategic Growth Fund Closed to new investors July 18, 2025 Closed to subsequent investments by existing investors November 10, 2025 November 13, 2025 Goldman Sachs Technology Opportunities Fund Closed to new investors July 18, 2025 Closed to subsequent investments by existing investors December 1, 2025 December 4, 2025 If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct IRA, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to the equivalent share class of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. These dates may change if the Closing Date of a Reorganization changes. Any changes to the Closing Date of a Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. If you hold your shares in an account directly with the Acquired Funds’ Transfer Agent, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds will be sent to you, except with respect to a fund direct IRA, as discussed above. The conversion of Acquired Fund shares to cash will likely be a taxable event if you hold your Acquired Fund shares in a taxable account. If you redeem or exchange your Acquired Fund shares, you will recognize a taxable gain or loss based on the difference between your tax basis in the shares and the amount you receive for them, if the Acquired Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Q. Will the Reorganization affect the way my investments are managed? A. No. GSAM is the investment adviser to the Acquired Funds […] ON PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, PORTFOLIO RISKS, SECURITIES AND TECHNIQUES B-1 EXHIBIT C SHAREHOLDER GUIDE C-1 EXHIBIT D INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS D-1 i SUMMARY The following is a summary of more complete information appearing later in this Information Statement/Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. You should read carefully the entire Information Statement/Prospectus, including the form of Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Liquidation attached as Exhibit A , because it contains details that are not in the summary. Each Acquired Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. Each Acquired Fund will be reorganized into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the Reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. Comparison of Each Acquired Fund with Corresponding Acquiring Fund As set forth in the charts below, each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have an identical investment objective and strategies are substantially similar. Each Fund’s investment objective is non-fundamental and may be changed without shareholder approval upon sixty days’ notice. The charts have been marked t

=== 4be0e7acbdd5 n=1 | Goldman Sachs ETF Trust  (CIK 0001479026) | form N-14 filed 2026-04-28 | acc 0001193125-26-183131 ===
N-14 1 d144724dn14.htm GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST Goldman Sachs ETF Trust Securities Act File No. 333-[ ● ] As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 28, 2026 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (212) 902-1000 ROBERT GRIFFITH, ESQ. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) COPY TO: STEPHEN H. BIER, ESQ. ALLISON M. FUMAI, ESQ. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Goldman Sachs Core Plus Bond ETF and Goldman Sachs Income ETF, each a series of the Registrant. The Registrant has heretofore declared its intention […]  Independent Trustees, concluded that: (i) each reorganization is in the best interests of each […] e to Purchase Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Redeem Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange for Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund Goldman Sachs Income Fund Closed to new investors * May 26, 2026 Closed to subsequent investments by existing investors August 3, 2026 August 6, 2026 Goldman Sachs Bond Fund Closed to new investors * May 26, 2026 Closed to subsequent investments by existing investors August 3, 2026 August 6, 2026 * New investors are those investors who do not hold shares of an Acquired Fund on May 26, 2026. If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct IRA, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to the equivalent share class of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. These dates may change if the Closing Date of a Reorganization changes. Any changes to the Closing Date of a Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. If you hold your shares in an account directly with the Acquired Funds’ Transfer Agent, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds will be sent to you, except with respect to a fund direct IRA, as discussed above. The conversion of Acquired Fund shares to cash will likely be a taxable event if you hold your Acquired Fund shares in a taxable account. If you redeem or exchange your Acquired Fund shares, you will recognize a taxable gain or loss based on the difference between your tax basis in the shares and the amount you receive for them, if the Acquired Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Q. Will the Reorganization affect the way my investments are managed? A. No. GSAM is the investment adviser to the Acquired Funds […] N ON PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, PORTFOLIO RISKS, SECURITIES AND TECHNIQUES B-1 EXHIBIT C SHAREHOLDER GUIDE C-1 EXHIBIT D INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS D-1 SUMMARY The following is a summary of more complete information appearing later in this Information Statement/Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. You should read carefully the entire Information Statement/Prospectus, including the form of Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Liquidation attached as Exhibit A , because it contains details that are not in the summary. Each Acquired Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. Each Acquired Fund will be reorganized into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the Reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives, fundamental investment policies and investment strategies. Comparison of Each Acquired Fund with Corresponding Acquiring Fund As set forth in the charts below, each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have an identical investment objective and principal investment strategies. Each Fund’s investment objective is non-fundamental and may be changed without shareholder approval upon sixty days’ notice. The charts have been marked to show certain differences between 

=== 7167fb34b794 n=1 | Goldman Sachs ETF Trust  (CIK 0001479026) | form N-14/A filed 2026-06-11 | acc 0001193125-26-267867 ===
N-14/A 1 d144724dn14a.htm GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST Goldman Sachs ETF Trust Securities Act File No. 333-295361 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 11 , 2026 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 ☒ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (212) 902-1000 ROBERT GRIFFITH, ESQ. Goldman Sachs & Co. LLC 200 West Street New York, New York 10282 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) COPY TO: STEPHEN H. BIER, ESQ. ALLISON M. FUMAI, ESQ. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after the effective date of this Registration Statement. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of Goldman Sachs Core Plus Bond ETF and Goldman Sachs Income ETF, each a series of the Registrant. The Registrant has heretofore declared its int […]  Independent Trustees, concluded that: (i) each reorganization is in the best interests of each […] the Reorganizations take place? A. Yes. Purchase orders, exchange orders, and redemption orders must be received by your Acquired Fund by the dates indicated below: Final Date to Purchase Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Redeem Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange for Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund Closed to new investors * May 26, 2026 Closed to subsequent investments by existing investors August 3, 2026 August 6, 2026 * New investors are those investors who do not hold shares of an Acquired Fund on May 26, 2026. If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct IRA, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to the equivalent share class of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. These dates may change if the Closing Date of a Reorganization changes. Any changes to the Closing Date of a Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. If you hold your shares in an account directly with the Acquired Funds’ Transfer Agent, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds will be sent to you, except with respect to a fund direct IRA, as discussed above. The conversion of Acquired Fund shares to cash will likely be a taxable event if you hold your Acquired Fund shares in a taxable account. If you redeem or exchange your Acquired Fund shares, you will recognize a taxable gain or loss based on the difference between your tax basis in the shares and the amount you receive for them, if the Acquired Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Q. Will the Reorganization affect the way my investments are managed? A. No. GSAM is the investment adviser to the Acquired Funds […] N ON PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, PORTFOLIO RISKS, SECURITIES AND TECHNIQUES B-1 EXHIBIT C SHAREHOLDER GUIDE C-1 EXHIBIT D INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS D-1 SUMMARY The following is a summary of more complete information appearing later in this Information Statement/Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. You should read carefully the entire Information Statement/Prospectus, including the form of Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Liquidation attached as Exhibit A , because it contains details that are not in the summary. Each Acquired Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. Each Acquired Fund will be reorganized into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the Reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives, fundamental investment policies and investment strategies. Comparison of Each Acquired Fund with Corresponding Acquiring Fund As set forth in the charts below, each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have an identical investment objective and principal investment strategies. Each Fund’s investment objective is non-fundamental and may be changed without shareholder approval upon sixty days’ notice. Goldman Sachs Bond Fund Goldman Sachs Core Plus Bond ETF Investm

=== f31eb09a775c n=1 | Goldman Sachs ETF Trust  (CIK 0001479026) | form 497 filed 2026-06-16 | acc 0001193125-26-272200 ===
497 1 d144724d497.htm GOLDMAN SACHS ETF TRUST Goldman Sachs ETF Trust GOLDMAN SACHS BOND FUND GOLDMAN SACHS INCOME FUND 71 South Wacker Drive Chicago, Illinois 60606 June 16, 2026 Dear Shareholder: We are writing to inform you of an important matter concerning your investment in the Goldman Sachs Bond Fund and Goldman Sachs Income Fund (each, an “Acquired Fund,” and collectively, the “Acquired Funds”). At a meeting held on April 21-22, 2026, the Board of Trustees of the Acquired Funds (the “Board”) approved reorganizations pursuant to which each Acquired Fund will be reorganized with and into a corresponding newly created shell series of Goldman Sachs ETF Trust (each, an “Acquiring Fund,” and collectively, the “Acquiring Funds”, and together with the Acquired Funds, the “Funds”) as follows: Acquired Fund Acquiring Fund Goldman Sachs Bond Fund Goldman Sachs Core Plus Bond ETF Goldman Sachs Income Fund Goldman Sachs Income ETF Shareholders were first notified of the reorganizations on April 24, 2026 in a supplement to the Acquired Funds’ then effective Prospectuses and Summary Prospectuses. After careful consideration, the Board, including a majority of the Trustees who are not “inte […]  Independent Trustees, concluded that: (i) each reorganization is in the best interests of each […] the Reorganizations take place? A. Yes. Purchase orders, exchange orders, and redemption orders must be received by your Acquired Fund by the dates indicated below: Final Date to Purchase Acquired Fund Shares Final Date to Redeem Acquired Fund Shares or Exchange for Shares of Another Goldman Sachs Mutual Fund Closed to new investors * May 26, 2026 Closed to subsequent investments by existing investors August 3, 2026 August 6, 2026 * New investors are those investors who do not hold shares of an Acquired Fund on May 26, 2026. If you hold your shares of the Acquired Fund through a fund direct IRA, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to the equivalent share class of the Goldman Sachs Financial Square Government Fund equal in value to the NAV of your Acquired Fund shares. These dates may change if the Closing Date of a Reorganization changes. Any changes to the Closing Date of a Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. If you hold your shares in an account directly with the Acquired Funds’ Transfer Agent, on the Closing Date, your Acquired Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds will be sent to you, except with respect to a fund direct IRA, as discussed above. The conversion of Acquired Fund shares to cash will likely be a taxable event if you hold your Acquired Fund shares in a taxable account. If you redeem or exchange your Acquired Fund shares, you will recognize a taxable gain or loss based on the difference between your tax basis in the shares and the amount you receive for them, if the Acquired Fund shares are held in a taxable account. Q. Will the Reorganization affect the way my investments are managed? A. No. GSAM is the investment adviser to the Acquired Funds […] N ON PRINCIPAL INVESTMENT STRATEGIES, PORTFOLIO RISKS, SECURITIES AND TECHNIQUES B-1 EXHIBIT C SHAREHOLDER GUIDE C-1 EXHIBIT D INTERESTS OF CERTAIN PERSONS D-1 SUMMARY The following is a summary of more complete information appearing later in this Information Statement/Prospectus or incorporated by reference herein. You should read carefully the entire Information Statement/Prospectus, including the form of Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Liquidation attached as Exhibit A , because it contains details that are not in the summary. Each Acquired Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. Each Acquired Fund will be reorganized into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) through the Reorganization of the Acquired Fund into the corresponding Acquiring Fund. Each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives, fundamental investment policies and investment strategies. Comparison of Each Acquired Fund with Corresponding Acquiring Fund As set forth in the charts below, each Acquired Fund and the corresponding Acquiring Fund have an identical investment objective and principal investment strategies. Each Fund’s investment objective is non-fundamental and may be changed without shareholder approval upon sixty days’ notice. Goldman Sachs Bond Fund Goldman Sachs Core Plus Bond ETF Investm

=== 437afb5d2378 n=1 | HARBOR FUNDS  (CIK 0000793769) | form N-14 filed 2020-03-02 | acc 0001193125-20-059115 ===
N-14 1 d629214dn14.htm N-14 N-14 Table of Contents As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2020 File No. 33-_____ SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ___ Post-Effective Amendment No. ___ HARBOR FUNDS (Exact name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 111 South Wacker Drive, 34 th Floor, Chicago, Illinois 60606 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (312) 443-4400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) ERIK D. OJALA, ESQ. Harbor Funds 111 South Wacker Drive – 34 th Floor Chicago, Illinois 60606 CHRISTOPHER P. HARVEY, ESQ. Dechert LLP One International Place – 40 th Floor 100 Oliver Street Boston, Massachusetts 02110 (Name and address of Agents for Service) Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. It is proposed that this filing will become effective on April 1, 2020 pursuant to Rule 488. No filing fee is required because of reliance on Section 24(f) and an indefinite number of shares have previously been registered pursuant to Rule 24f-2 under the I […] ong other things, the tax-free nature of the Reorganization for U.S. federal income tax purpose