=== 6000b3d387e0 n=1 | VALIC Co I  (CIK 0000719423) | form 497 filed 2021-04-06 | acc 0001133228-21-001943 ===
497 1 vcicef-html3504_497.htm VC I CORE EQUITY FUND_497 Filed under Rule 497(e) and Rule 497(k) Registration No. 002-83631 VALIC COMPANY I Core Equity Fund Supplement dated April 6, 2021 to the Summary Prospectus, Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information, each dated October 1, 2020, as supplemented and amended to date At a meeting of the shareholders of the Core Equity Fund (the “Target Fund”) held on April 5, 2021, shareholders approved the reorganization of the Target Fund into the Systematic Core Fund (the “Acquiring Fund”), each a series of VALIC Company I (the “Reorganization”). Pursuant to the Reorganization, the assets and liabilities of the Target Fund will be exchanged for shares of the Acquiring Fund, and Target Fund shareholders will become shareholders of the Acquiring Fund. The Acquiring Fund shares to be received by Target Fund shareholders will be equal in value to the Target Fund shares held by such shareholders immediately prior to the Reorganization. The Reorganization is expected to close on or about April 19, 2021. Until the Reorganization is completed, the Target Fund will continue sales and redemptions of its shares as described in its Prospectus. Af

=== 5b7dff2d9303 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14 filed 2022-08-24 | acc 0001580642-22-004263 ===
N-14 1 greenowl_n-14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2022 Securities Act File No. 333-________ United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. o Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: John M. Ford Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 3000 Two Logan Square Philadelphia, PA 19103 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. It is proposed that this Registration Statement will become effective on the 30 th day after filing pursuant to Rule 488 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant  […] tion Statement/Prospectus. Q. How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? A. If the […] ount that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, American Stock Transfer (“AST”), on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct individual retirement account and does not take action prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the shareholder’s Target Fund shares. Q. Whom do I contact for further informati […]  the Reorganization? A. If shares are held in an account that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by AST, on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the shareholder’s Target Fund shares. Q. What if I do not want to hold ETF shares? A. If you do not want t

=== 8220e3d136f7 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14 filed 2022-08-24 | acc 0001580642-22-004262 ===
N-14 1 marathon_n-14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 24, 2022 Securities Act File No. 333-________ United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. o Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: John M. Ford Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 3000 Two Logan Square Philadelphia, PA 19103 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. It is proposed that this Registration Statement will become effective on the 30 th day after filing pursuant to Rule 488 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant  […] -paid envelope. You may also vote your shares by touch-tone telephone. Simply call the toll-fre […] y go to the website indicated on your proxy card, enter the control number found on the front of your proxy card, and follow the instructions to cast your vote. You may receive a call from our proxy solicitor, [•], reminding you to vote. If you have any questions before you vote, please call our proxy solicitor at [•]. Thank you for your participation in this important initiative. Sincerely, [•] Marathon Value Portfolio [•] QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief overview of the conversion of the Marathon Value Portfolio (the “Target Fund”), a series of Northern Lights Fund Trust III to an exchange traded fund (“ETF”) through the reorganization of the Target Fund into Kovitz Core Equity ETF (the “Acquiring Fund”), a newly formed series of Valued Advisers Trust managed by Kovitz Investment Group Partners, LLC (the “Adviser”). We encourage you to read the complete Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus to obtain more detailed information. Q. What is happening to the Marathon Value Portfolio? Why am I receiving a Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving the Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus as a holder of common shares of the Target Fund in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Trustees of the Target Fund (the “Board”) for use at the special meeting of shareholders of the Target Fund (the “Meeting”). At the Meeting, common shareholders of the Target Fund will be asked to vote on an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) under which the Target Fund will transfer substantially all of its assets and all its liabilities to the Acquiring Fund in exchange for newly issued common shares of the Acquiring Fund (the “Reorganization”). The Target Fund is currently operated as a mutual fund and will be converted into an ETF through the Reorganization. As an ETF, the Acquiring Fund’s shares will be traded on NYSE Arca, Inc. Your shares of the Target Fund will be exchanged for shares of equivalent aggregate net asset value (“NAV”) of the Acquiring Fund, with cash being received in lieu of fractional shares. Shares of the Acquiring Fund will be transferred to each shareholder’s brokerage account, or if a shareholder does not have a brokerage account, the shares will be held by a stock transfer agent, on behalf of such shareholder, until a brokerage account is identified or, if the Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within […] nd shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct individual retirement account and does not take action prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the shareholder’s Target Fund shares. The IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR TARGET FUND ACCOUNT—QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, beginning on page [•], provides important information about required action for shareholders who hold shares of the converting mutual fund in accounts that cannot hold ETF shares and should be read carefully. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the Reorganization. Q. Is my vote important? A. Yes. While the Board has approved the Reorganization with respect to the Target Fund and recommends that you approve it, the Reorganization cannot go forward without the approval of the shareholders of the Target Fund. The Target Fund will continue to contact shareholders asking them to vote until it is sure that a quorum will be reached, and may continue to contact shareholders thereafter. Q. Why has the Board approved the Reorganization? A. The Reorgan […] ount that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, American Stock Transfer (“AST”), on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct individual retirement account and does not take action prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the shareholder’s Target Fund shares. Q. How can I vote? A. You can vote in one 

=== 8fe940fa3431 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14/A filed 2022-10-28 | acc 0001580642-22-005431 ===
N-14/A 1 greenowl_n-14a.htm N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2022 Securities Act File No. 333-267038 United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 ý Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices ) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: John M. Ford Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 3000 Two Logan Square Philadelphia, PA 19103 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefinite number of shares. Approximate date of proposed public offering : As soon as practicable after this Registrat […] tion Statement/Prospectus. Q. How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? A. If the […] t that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, American Stock Transfer (“AST”), on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the iv Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action to transfer its Target Fund shares to a brokerage account prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated at the effective time of the Reorganization and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the  […]  the Reorganization? A. If shares are held in an account that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by AST, on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action to transfer its Target Fund shares to a brokerage account prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated at the effective time of the Reorganization and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the 

=== 9d3caa74f825 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14/A filed 2022-10-28 | acc 0001580642-22-005429 ===
N-14/A 1 marathon_n14a.htm N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 28, 2022 Securities Act File No. 333-267037 United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 ý Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: John M. Ford Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 3000 Two Logan Square Philadelphia, PA 19103 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefinite number of shares. Approximate date of proposed public offering : As soon as practicable after this Registratio […]  by touch-tone telephone. Simply call the toll-free number on your proxy card, enter the contro […] ard, enter the control number found on the front of your proxy card, and follow the instructions to cast your vote. You may receive a call from our proxy solicitor, AST Fund Solutions, reminding you to vote. If you have any questions before you vote, please call our proxy solicitor at (800) 591-6313. Thank you for your participation in this important initiative. Sincerely, [•] Marathon Value Portfolio Eric Kane, Secretary 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief overview of the conversion of the Marathon Value Portfolio (the “Target Fund”), a series of Northern Lights Fund Trust III to an exchange traded fund (“ETF”) through the reorganization of the Target Fund into Kovitz Core Equity ETF (the “Acquiring Fund”), a newly formed series of Valued Advisers Trust managed by Kovitz Investment Group Partners, LLC (the “Adviser”). We encourage you to read the complete Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus to obtain more detailed information. Q. What is happening to the Marathon Value Portfolio? Why am I receiving a Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving the Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus as a holder of common shares of the Target Fund in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Trustees of the Target Fund (the “Board”) for use at the special meeting of shareholders of the Target Fund (the “Meeting”). At the Meeting, common shareholders of the Target Fund will be asked to vote on an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) under which the Target Fund will transfer substantially all of its assets and all its liabilities to the Acquiring Fund in exchange for newly issued common shares of the Acquiring Fund (the “Reorganization”). The Target Fund is currently operated as a mutual fund and will be converted into an ETF through the Reorganization. As an ETF, the Acquiring Fund’s shares will be traded on NYSE Arca, Inc. Your shares of the Target Fund will be exchanged for shares of equivalent aggregate net asset value (“NAV”) of the Acquiring Fund, with cash being received in lieu of fractional shares. Shares of the Acquiring Fund will be transferred to each shareholder’s brokerage account, or if a shareholder does not have a brokerage account, the shares will be held by a stock transfer agent, on behalf of such shareholder, until a brokerage account is identified or, if the Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within […] ccount holder (unless the distribution is a qualified distribution from a Roth IRA or qualifies as an eligible rollover distribution) and in a loss of the tax-advantaged treatment of the account. In some cases, the IRA distribution may also be subject to a 10% early distribution tax. Shareholders who hold Target Fund shares through a fund direct IRA are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the specific consequences to them of the Reorganization. The IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR TARGET FUND ACCOUNT—QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, beginning on page [•], provides important information about required action for shareholders who hold shares of the converting mutual fund in accounts that cannot hold ETF shares and should be read carefully. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the Reorganization. Q. Is my vote important? A. Yes. While the Board has approved the Reorganization with respect to the Target Fund and recommends that you approve it, the Reorganization cannot go forward without the approval of the shareholders of the Target Fund. The Target Fund will continue to contact shareholders asking them to vote until it is sure that a quorum will be reached, and may continue to contact shareholders thereafter. Q. Why has the Board approved the Reorganization? A. The Reorgan […] ount that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, American Stock Transfer (“AST”), on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action to transfer its Target Fund shares to a brokerage account prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated at the effective time of the Reorganization and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the 

=== 4d1a05b3186a n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14/A filed 2022-11-03 | acc 0001580642-22-005547 ===
N-14/A 1 greenowl_n-14a.htm N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3 , 2022 Securities Act File No. 333-267038 United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 ý Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices ) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: John M. Ford Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 3000 Two Logan Square Philadelphia, PA 19103 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefinite number of shares. Approximate date of proposed public offering : As soon as practicable after this Registra […] tion Statement/Prospectus. Q. How will the Reorganization affect me as a shareholder? A. If the […] t that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, American Stock Transfer (“AST”), on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the iv Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action to transfer its Target Fund shares to a brokerage account prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated at the effective time of the Reorganization and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the  […]  the Reorganization? A. If shares are held in an account that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by AST, on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action to transfer its Target Fund shares to a brokerage account prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated at the effective time of the Reorganization and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the 

=== 565b1baeb8d0 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14/A filed 2022-11-03 | acc 0001580642-22-005548 ===
N-14/A 1 marathon_n14a.htm N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 3, 2022 Securities Act File No. 333-267037 United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549. FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 2 ý Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: John M. Ford Troutman Pepper Hamilton Sanders LLP 3000 Two Logan Square Philadelphia, PA 19103 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefinite number of shares. Approximate date of proposed public offering : As soon as practicable after this Registratio […] es by touch-tone telephone. Simply call the toll-free number on your proxy card, enter the cont […]  card, enter the control number found on the front of your proxy card, and follow the instructions to cast your vote. You may receive a call from our proxy solicitor, AST Fund Solutions, reminding you to vote. If you have any questions before you vote, please call our proxy solicitor at (800) 591-6313. Thank you for your participation in this important initiative. Sincerely, \ Marathon Value Portfolio Eric Kane, President 1 QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief overview of the conversion of the Marathon Value Portfolio (the “Target Fund”), a series of Northern Lights Fund Trust III to an exchange traded fund (“ETF”) through the reorganization of the Target Fund into Kovitz Core Equity ETF (the “Acquiring Fund”), a newly formed series of Valued Advisers Trust managed by Kovitz Investment Group Partners, LLC (the “Adviser”). We encourage you to read the complete Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus to obtain more detailed information. Q. What is happening to the Marathon Value Portfolio? Why am I receiving a Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving the Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus as a holder of common shares of the Target Fund in connection with the solicitation of proxies by the Board of Trustees of the Target Fund (the “Board”) for use at the special meeting of shareholders of the Target Fund (the “Meeting”). At the Meeting, common shareholders of the Target Fund will be asked to vote on an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) under which the Target Fund will transfer substantially all of its assets and all its liabilities to the Acquiring Fund in exchange for newly issued common shares of the Acquiring Fund (the “Reorganization”). The Target Fund is currently operated as a mutual fund and will be converted into an ETF through the Reorganization. As an ETF, the Acquiring Fund’s shares will be traded on NYSE Arca, Inc. Your shares of the Target Fund will be exchanged for shares of equivalent aggregate net asset value (“NAV”) of the Acquiring Fund, with cash being received in lieu of fractional shares. Shares of the Acquiring Fund will be transferred to each shareholder’s brokerage account, or if a shareholder does not have a brokerage account, the shares will be held by a stock transfer agent, on behalf of such shareholder, until a brokerage account is identified or, if the Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within […]  account holder (unless the distribution is a qualified distribution from a Roth IRA or qualifies as an eligible rollover distribution) and in a loss of the tax-advantaged treatment of the account. In some cases, the IRA distribution may also be subject to a 10% early distribution tax. Shareholders who hold Target Fund shares through a fund direct IRA are urged to consult their own tax advisors as to the specific consequences to them of the Reorganization. The IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR TARGET FUND ACCOUNT—QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS, beginning on page i, provides important information about required action for shareholders who hold shares of the converting mutual fund in accounts that cannot hold ETF shares and should be read carefully. The Board unanimously recommends that you vote FOR the Reorganization. Q. Is my vote important? A. Yes. While the Board has approved the Reorganization with respect to the Target Fund and recommends that you approve it, the Reorganization cannot go forward without the approval of the shareholders of the Target Fund. The Target Fund will continue to contact shareholders asking them to vote until it is sure that a quorum will be reached, and may continue to contact shareholders thereafter. Q. Why has the Board approved the Reorganization? A. The Reorgan […] ount that cannot accept ETF shares at the time of the Reorganization of the Target Fund, Acquiring Fund shares received in the Reorganization will be held by a stock transfer agent, American Stock Transfer (“AST”), on behalf of the accountholder, until a brokerage account is identified into which AST can transfer the shares. Any Acquiring Fund shares held by the stock transfer agent on behalf of a shareholder will be treated as being held by such shareholder for all U.S. federal income tax purposes. If Acquiring Fund shares are not transferred into a brokerage account within a year of the date of the Reorganization, the Acquiring Fund shares will be converted to cash and the cash proceeds sent to the accountholder of record (subject to applicable federal or state laws concerning unclaimed property). The conversion of Acquiring Fund shares to cash may be subject to fees and expenses and will be a taxable event for U.S. federal income tax purposes. If a shareholder holds shares through a fund direct IRA and does not take action to transfer its Target Fund shares to a brokerage account prior to the Reorganization, the shareholder’s Target Fund shares will be liquidated at the effective time of the Reorganization and the shareholder will receive cash equal in value to the NAV of the 

=== ac4b5923d904 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14 filed 2026-01-20 | acc 0001580642-26-000320 ===
N-14 1 kovitz_n14.htm N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 20, 2026 Securities Act File No. [●] United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. o Post-Effective Amendment No. o Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: Joseph Mannon Deborah Bielicke Eades Vedder Price P.C. 222 North LaSalle Street Chicago, IL 60601 Terry Davis and Tanya Boyle DLA Piper LLP One Atlantic Center 1201 West Peachtree Street, Suite 2900 Atlanta, GA 30309 Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefinite numbe […] o vote on the following proposals: 1. To reorganize Fort Pitt Capital Fund into Kovitz Core Equ […]  Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefinite numbe […] o vote on the following proposals: 1. To reorganize Fort Pitt Capital Fund into Kovitz Core Equity ETF (“Kovitz ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). 2. To approve a new investment advisory agreement for Fort Pitt Capital Total Return Fund. Please review the Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus and cast your vote on the proposals. After considering the proposals, the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of the Target Trust has unanimously approved each proposal. The Board of the Target Trust recommends that shareholders vote FOR each of the proposals. Reorganization of Your Fund You are being asked to consider a plan to reorganize Fort Pitt Capital Fund into Kovitz ETF, a series of the Valued Advisers Trust (the “Acquiring Trust”), which operates as an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) and which is also managed by Focus Partners Wealth, LLC (“Focus Partners Wealth” or the “Advisor”), the successor to Kovitz Investment Group Partners, LLC (“Kovitz”), the prior advisor to both Fort Pitt Capital Fund and Kovitz ETF. Subject to shareholder approval and certain other conditions, the reorganization is expected to take place on or about [●], 2026 and is expected to qualify as a tax-free reorganization […] d”), an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) and a series of Valued Advisers Trust (the “Acquiring Trust”) that was also previously advised by Kovitz and is currently advised by Focus Partners Wealth following the Transaction. Kovitz and Focus Partners Wealth believe that the reorganization would allow shareholders to continue to invest in a similar strategy in an ETF product with the benefits of the tax efficiencies of an ETF and lower expenses. In addition, Kovitz and the Advisor believe Kovitz ETF has greater potential opportunities for growth and economies of scale as compared to the Target Fund. In addition to being asked to approve the plan of reorganization of the Target Fund into Kovitz ETF, you are also being asked to approve a New Advisory Agreement to facilitate continuity of management of the Target Fund pending shareholder approval and consummation of the reorganization. As required by Rule 15a-4 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), shareholder approval of the New Advisory Agreement is also necessary to permit payment to Focus Partners Wealth of the fees accrued under the interim advisory agreement regardless of whether the reorganization is separately approved. Q. Is approval of both proposals required for the passage of either proposal ? A

=== 9c6d1959cf66 n=1 | VALUED ADVISERS TRUST  (CIK 0001437249) | form N-14/A filed 2026-03-13 | acc 0001580642-26-001786 ===
N-14/A 1 vat_n14a.htm N-14/A As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 12, 2026 Securities Act File No. 333-292841 United States SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 ☒ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Valued Advisers Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 225 Pictoria Drive, Suite 450 Cincinnati, Ohio 45246 (Address of Registrant’s Principal Executive Offices) (513) 587-3400 (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code) Capitol Services, Inc. 108 Lakeland Ave. Dover, DE 19901 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: Joseph Mannon Deborah Bielicke Eades Vedder Price P.C. 222 North LaSalle Street Chicago, IL 60601 Terry Davis and Tanya Boyle DLA Piper LLP One Atlantic Center 1201 West Peachtree Street, Suite 2900 Atlanta, GA 30309 Title of Securities Being Registered : Shares of a series of the Registrant – Kovitz Core Equity ETF. No filing fee is required because the Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefi […] l Fund into Kovitz Core Equity ETF (“Kovitz ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). 2. To approve a new  […] stment Company Act of 1940, as amended, pursuant to which it has previously registered an indefi […] l Fund into Kovitz Core Equity ETF (“Kovitz ETF” or the “Acquiring Fund”). 2. To approve a new investment advisory agreement with Focus Partners Wealth, LLC for Fort Pitt Capital Fund. The two proposals are not contingent on one another. Please review the Combined Proxy Statement/Prospectus and cast your vote on the proposals. After considering the proposals, the Board of Trustees (the “Board”) of the Target Trust has unanimously approved each proposal. The Board of the Target Trust recommends that shareholders vote FOR each of the proposals. Reorganization of Your Fund You are being asked to consider a plan to reorganize Fort Pitt Capital Fund into Kovitz ETF, a series of Valued Advisers Trust (the “Acquiring Trust”), which operates as an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) and which is also managed by Focus Partners Wealth, LLC (“Focus Partners Wealth” or the “Advisor”), the successor to Kovitz Investment Group Partners, LLC (“Kovitz”), the prior advisor to both Fort Pitt Capital Fund and Kovitz ETF. Subject to shareholder approval and certain other conditions, the reorganization is expected to take place on or about May 15, 2026 and is expected to qualify as a tax-free reorganization  […] d”), an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) and a series of Valued Advisers Trust (the “Acquiring Trust”) that was also previously advised by Kovitz and is currently advised by Focus Partners Wealth following the Transaction. Kovitz and Focus Partners Wealth believe that the reorganization would allow shareholders to continue to invest in a similar strategy in an ETF product with the benefits of the tax efficiencies of an ETF and lower expenses. In addition, Kovitz and the Advisor believe Kovitz ETF has greater potential opportunities for growth and economies of scale as compared to the Target Fund. In addition to being asked to approve the plan of reorganization of the Target Fund into Kovitz ETF, you are also being asked to approve a New Advisory Agreement with Focus Partners Wealth to facilitate continuity of management of the Target Fund pending shareholder approval and consummation of the reorganization. As required by Rule 15a-4 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the “1940 Act”), shareholder approval of the New Advisory Agreement is also necessary to permit payment to Focus Partners Wealth of the fees accrued under the interim advisory agreement regardless of whether the reorganization is separately approved. Q. Is approval of both proposals required for the pas