=== d575761eb060 n=1 | Investment Managers Series Trust III  (CIK 0000924727) | form 497 filed 2026-01-29 | acc 0001104659-26-007886 ===
497 1 tm262787d3_497.htm 497 INVESTMENT MANAGERS SERIES TRUST III FPA Queens Road Value Fund 235 West Galena Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212 January 29, 2026 Dear Valued Shareholder: A Special Meeting of Shareholders of the FPA Queens Road Value Fund (the “Target Fund”), a series of Investment Managers Series Trust III (the “Trust”), has been scheduled for March 13, 2026 (the “Special Meeting”). At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to vote on an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) providing for the reorganization of the Target Fund, a mutual fund, into the FPA Queens Road Value ETF (the “Acquiring ETF”), a newly organized exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) series of the Trust. The Plan will provide for the transfer of all of the assets of the Target Fund to the Acquiring ETF, in exchange solely for shares of the Acquiring ETF and the assumption of all of the liabilities of the Target Fund by the Acquiring ETF, and the distribution of the Acquiring ETF’s shares received by the Target Fund to its shareholders in complete liquidation of the Target Fund (the “Reorganization”). The Acquiring ETF is a newly organized series of the Trust that will commence operations upon t […] h received by shareholders in lieu of fractional shares and with respect to redemptions of shar […] . Q. Will the Reorganization affect the way the Fund is managed and invested? A. No. FPA will remain as investment adviser and BFA will remain as sub-adviser, respectively, to the Acquiring ETF and will manage the Acquiring ETF using the same investment objective, investm […] l Financial Information 87 16 I. Proposal – To Approve the Agreement and Plan of Reorganization A. Overview First Pacific Advisors, LP (“FPA” or the “Advisor”) serves as the investment adviser to the Target Fund and Bragg Financial Advisors, Inc. (“BFA”) serves as the sub-adviser to the Target Fund. FPA has proposed, and the Board of the Trust has approved, the proposed reorganization of the Target Fund into the Acquiring ETF, a newly organized shell series of the Trust. The Target Fund and the Acquiring ETF are each sometimes referred to below as a “Fund” and collectively, as the “Funds.” The Reorganization has been proposed because FPA believes that it is in the best interests of the Target Fund and its shareholders if the Target Fund is converted into the Acquiring ETF because (1) the Acquiring ETF has the same investment objective, investment strategies, and fundamental investment policies as the Target Fund; (2) shareholders will be able to purchase or sell shares of the Acquiring ETF throughout the tra

=== db3670b92432 n=1 | Investment Managers Series Trust III  (CIK 0000924727) | form 497 filed 2026-02-27 | acc 0001213900-26-021666 ===
497 1 ea0279031-01_497.htm 497 Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund Class A Shares (CSAAX) Class C Shares (CSACX) Class I Shares (CSAIX) A series of Investment Managers Series Trust III (the “Trust”) Supplement dated February 27, 2026, to the currently effective Prospectus, Summary Prospectus, and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”). Based on the recommendation of the Fund’s advisor, Manteio Scalable Technologies LLC (the “Advisor”), the Board of Trustees of the Trust has approved the reorganization of the Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund (the “Fund”) into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). The Reorganization of the Fund is subject to approval by its shareholders and will occur pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization whereby the Fund will transfer all of its assets and liabilities to the Mast HedgeIndex Managed Futures ETF (the “ETF”), a newly created series of the Trust. If approved, each shareholder of the Fund will receive shares of the ETF and/or cash equal to the value of the shares of the Fund owned by the shareholder. In addition, if the Reorganization is approved, it is expected that the Fund’s Class A Shares and Class C Shares will be conve

=== 31a217cb0745 n=1 | Investment Managers Series Trust III  (CIK 0000924727) | form 497 filed 2026-03-02 | acc 0001213900-26-022128 ===
497 1 ea0279031-02_497.htm 497 Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund Class A Shares (CSAAX) Class C Shares (CSACX) Class I Shares (CSAIX) A series of Investment Managers Series Trust III (the “Trust”) (This Supplement replaces the Supplement dated February 27, 2026. ) Supplement dated March 2, 2026, to the currently effective Prospectus, Summary Prospectus, and Statement of Additional Information (“SAI”). Based on the recommendation of the Fund’s advisor, Manteio Scalable Technologies LLC (the “Advisor”), the Board of Trustees of the Trust has approved the reorganization of the Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund (the “Fund”) into an exchange-traded fund (the “Reorganization”). The Reorganization of the Fund is subject to approval by its shareholders and will occur pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization whereby the Fund will transfer all of its assets and liabilities to the Mast HedgeIndex Managed Futures Strategy ETF (the “ETF”), a newly created series of the Trust. If approved, each shareholder of the Fund will receive shares of the ETF and/or cash equal to the value of the shares of the Fund owned by the shareholder. In addition, if the Reorganization is approved, it is

=== 349b8678a570 n=1 | Investment Managers Series Trust III  (CIK 0000924727) | form N-14 filed 2026-03-02 | acc 0001213900-26-022464 ===
N-14 1 ea0279014-01_n14.htm N-14 Filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 2, 2026 1933 Act Registration File No. [ ] SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ☒ ☐ Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. (Check appropriate box or boxes.) INVESTMENT MANAGERS SERIES TRUST III (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 235 West Galena Street Milwaukee, WI 53212-3948 (Address of Principal Executive Offices, including Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (626) 385-5777 Diane J. Drake Mutual Fund Administration, LLC 2220 E. Route 66, Suite 226 Glendora, CA 91740 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copy to: Laurie Dee Morgan, Lewis & Bockius LLP 600 Anton Boulevard, Suite 1800 Costa Mesa, CA 92626 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after the Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. It is proposed that this filing will become effective on the 30 th day pursuant to Rule 488. Title of Securities Being Registered: Mast HedgeIndex Managed Futures Strategy ETF No  […] number of shares have previously been registered pursuant to Rule 24f-2 under the Investment Co […] anaged Futures Strategy ETF No  […] number of shares have previously been registered pursuant to Rule 24f-2 under the Investment Company Act of 1940. INVESTMENT MANAGERS SERIES TRUST III Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund 235 West Galena Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212 [ ], 2026 Dear Valued Shareholder: A Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund (the “Target Fund”), a series of Investment Managers Series Trust III (the “Trust”), has been scheduled for [ ], 2026 (the “Special Meeting”). At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to vote on an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) providing for the reorganization of the Target Fund, a mutual fund, into the Mast HedgeIndex Managed Futures ETF (the “Acquiring ETF”), a newly organized exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) series of the Trust. The Plan will provide for the transfer of all of the assets of the Target Fund to the Acquiring ETF, in exchange solely for shares of the Acquiring ETF and the assumption of all of the liabilities of the Target Fund by the Acquiring ETF, and the distribution of the Acquiring ETF’s shares received by the Target Fund to its shareholders in complete liquidation of the Target Fund (the “Reorganization”). The Acquiring ETF is a newly organized series of the Trust t […]  Trustees (the “Board”) that the Target Fund be reorganized into the Acquiring ETF. After careful consideration, for the reasons discussed in the attached combined proxy statement/prospectus (“Proxy Statement”), the Board determined that the Reorganization is in the best interest of the Target Fund and that the interests of the Target Fund’s shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. The Board recommends that you read the attached Proxy Statement carefully and then vote FOR the proposal. If the Reorganization is approved by shareholders, prior to the Reorganization, the Target Fund’s Class A shares and Class C shares will be converted into the Target Fund’s Class I Shares. No sales charges or redemption fees will be imposed in connection with this conversion. Unlike Class A and Class C shares, the Target Fund’s Class I shares are not subject to sales charges or fees pursuant to a distribution plan adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Shareholders will be informed of the share class conversion date once it has been determined. The costs incurred with respect to the Reorganization will be borne by Mast Investments and the Reorganization is not expected to result in any increase in ongoing shareholder fees or e

=== d4702b0a5600 n=1 | Investment Managers Series Trust III  (CIK 0000924727) | form 497 filed 2026-04-08 | acc 0001213900-26-041534 ===
497 1 ea0285517-01_497.htm 497 INVESTMENT MANAGERS SERIES TRUST III Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund 235 West Galena Street Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53212 April 8, 2026 Dear Valued Shareholder: A Special Meeting of Shareholders of the Mast Managed Futures Strategy Fund (the “Target Fund”), a series of Investment Managers Series Trust III (the “Trust”), has been scheduled for May 22, 2026 (the “Special Meeting”). At the Special Meeting, you will be asked to vote on an Agreement and Plan of Reorganization (the “Plan”) providing for thesv reorganization of the Target Fund, a mutual fund, into the Mast HedgeIndex Managed Futures Strategy ETF (the “Acquiring ETF”), a newly organized exchange-traded fund (“ETF”) series of the Trust. The Plan will provide for the transfer of all of the assets of the Target Fund to the Acquiring ETF, in exchange solely for shares of the Acquiring ETF and the assumption of all of the liabilities of the Target Fund by the Acquiring ETF, and the distribution of the Acquiring ETF’s shares received by the Target Fund to its shareholders in complete liquidation of the Target Fund (the “Reorganization”). The Acquiring ETF is a newly organized series of the Trust th […]  the attached Proxy Statement) . As a result, management recommended to the Trust’s Board of Tr […]  Trustees (the “Board”) that the Target Fund be reorganized into the Acquiring ETF. After careful consideration, for the reasons discussed in the attached combined proxy statement/prospectus (“Proxy Statement”), the Board determined that the Reorganization is in the best interest of the Target Fund and that the interests of the Target Fund’s shareholders will not be diluted as a result of the Reorganization. The Board recommends that you read the attached Proxy Statement carefully and then vote FOR the proposal. If the Reorganization is approved by shareholders, prior to the Reorganization, the Target Fund’s Class A shares and Class C shares will be converted into the Target Fund’s Class I Shares. No sales charges or redemption fees will be imposed in connection with this conversion. Unlike Class A and Class C shares, the Target Fund’s Class I shares are not subject to sales charges or fees pursuant to a distribution plan adopted pursuant to Rule 12b-1 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. Shareholders will be informed of the share class conversion date once it has been determined. The costs incurred with respect to the Reorganization will be borne by Mast Investments and the Reorganization is not expected to result in any increase in ongoing shareholder fees or e

=== a162ea4c1731 n=1 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form 497 filed 2022-01-12 | acc 0001193125-22-007703 ===
497 1 d291640d497.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity ETF (the “Fund”) (a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust) Supplement dated January 12, 2022 to the Current Prospectus and Statement of Additional Information The Fund’s shares currently are not being offered to the public, nor have they been approved for listing on any exchange. The Fund is a newly-organized series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (“ETF Trust”) that has been created in connection with the proposed, but not yet board-approved, conversion of the following mutual fund (the “Predecessor Fund”) into an exchange-traded fund, which would be effected through the reorganization of the Predecessor Fund into the Fund (such reorganization, the “Reorganization”). Predecessor Fund Fund JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II”) JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity ETF It is currently anticipated that, at a meeting scheduled to be held in early 2022, the boards of ETF Trust and Trust II (the “Boards”) will consider t […]  information statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders of the Predecessor Fu […] less and until the registration statement is declared effective by the SEC. Investors are urged to read the materials and any other relevant documents when they become available because they will contain important information about the Reorganization. After they are filed, free copies of the materials will be available on the SEC’s web site at www.sec.gov. These materials also will be available at www.jpmorganfunds.com and a paper copy can be obtained at no charge by calling 1-800-480-4111. INVESTORS SHOULD RETAIN THIS SUPPLEMENT WITH THE PROSPECTUS AND STATEMENT OF ADDITIONAL INFORMATION FOR FUTURE REFERENCE SUP-IREEETFREORG-122 J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUNDS JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity ETF (a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust) Supplement dated January 12, 2022 to the Current Statement of Additional Information, as supplemented As previously supplemented on December 7, 2021, the purpose of this supplement is to announce the results of the recent special meetings of the shareholders held on October 27 and November 23, 2021 (together, the “Meetings”), at which the shareholders considered the election of a unified board with common membership across the Trust and the following open-end registered investment companies also advised by J.P. Morgan

=== 8f7165b4e354 n=1 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form N-14 filed 2022-01-19 | acc 0001193125-22-012596 ===
N-14 1 d245450dn14.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on January 19, 2022 File No. 333- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 277 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (800) 480-4111 Gregory S. Samuels, Esq. J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc., 4 New York Plaza, New York, New York 10004 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Please send copies of all communications to: Elizabeth A. Davin, Esq. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 1111 Polaris Parkway Columbus, OH 43240 Jon S. Rand, Esq. Allison M. Fumai, Esq. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities  […] spectus carefully. The following is a brief Q&A that will help explain the Reorganizations (as  […] eorganizations. A more detailed discussion of the Reorganizations follows this section. Q. What is happening to my investment? Why am I receiving an Information Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds: JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund, JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity Fund, JPMorgan Market Expansion Enhanced Index Fund, and JPMorgan Realty Income Fund (each, a “Target Fund”). Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). Each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. Following the reorganizations, each Target Fund will be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The chart below lists the name of each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund: Target Fund Acquiring Fund JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond ETF JPMorgan Inte […] nal Research Enhanced Equity Fund June 9, 2022 These dates may change if the Closing Date of a Reorganization changes. viii Table of Contents INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS Dated [February] [18], 2022 JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II Undiscovered Managers Funds 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 This Information Statement/Prospectus is being furnished to shareholders of certain series (each, a “Target Fund”) of JPMorgan Trust I (“Trust I”), JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II”), and the Undiscovered Managers Funds (“UMF” and collectively with Trust I and Trust II, the “Target Fund Trusts”) to inform them of a plan to reorganize each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will continue to be managed by JPMIM. Each Target Fund will be reorganized into a newly-created ETF (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”) that is a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (the “ETF Trust” and together with the Target Fund Trusts, the “Trusts”), and each Target Fund will subsequently be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The Reorganizations are set forth in the table below. Reorganization Target Fund Acquiring Fund Inflation Managed Bond Reorganization JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund JPMorgan 

=== 96fd8ce13343 n=1 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form 497 filed 2022-02-23 | acc 0001193125-22-050063 ===
497 1 d245450d497.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Table of Contents JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II Undiscovered Managers Funds 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 February 23, 2022 Dear Shareholder: You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds (each, a “Target Fund”): - JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust I - JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust II - JPMorgan Market Expansion Enhanced Index Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust II - JPMorgan Realty Income Fund, a series of Undiscovered Managers Funds Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). ETFs are structurally different from mutual funds in several important aspects: • A mutual fund may offer multiple share classes with different sales charges, expenses, and/or minimum investments. An ETF will not is […] spectus carefully. The following is a brief Q&A that will help explain the Reorganizations (as  […] eorganizations. A more detailed discussion of the Reorganizations follows this section. Q. What is happening to my investment? Why am I receiving an Information Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds: JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund, JPMorgan International Research Enhanced Equity Fund, JPMorgan Market Expansion Enhanced Index Fund, and JPMorgan Realty Income Fund (each, a “Target Fund”). Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). Each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. Following the reorganizations, each Target Fund will be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The chart below lists the name of each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund: Target Fund Acquiring Fund JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond ETF JPMorgan Inte […] ng Date of a Reorganization changes. Any changes to a Closing Date of a Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. ix Table of Contents INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS Dated February 23, 2022 JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II Undiscovered Managers Funds 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 This Information Statement/Prospectus is being furnished to shareholders of certain series (each, a “Target Fund”) of JPMorgan Trust I (“Trust I”), JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II”), and the Undiscovered Managers Funds (“UMF” and collectively with Trust I and Trust II, the “Target Fund Trusts”) to inform them of a plan to reorganize each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will continue to be managed by JPMIM. Each Target Fund will be reorganized into a newly-created ETF (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”) that is a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (the “ETF Trust” and together with the Target Fund Trusts, the “Trusts”), and each Target Fund will subsequently be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The Reorganizations are set forth in the table below. Reorganization Target Fund Acquiring Fund Inflation Managed Bond Reorganization JPMorgan Inflation Managed Bond Fund JPMorgan 

=== 70a62eba6559 n=1 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form N-14 filed 2023-03-10 | acc 0001193125-23-067795 ===
N-14 1 d429709dn14.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 10, 2023 File No. 333- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 277 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (800) 480-4111 Gregory S. Samuels, Esq. J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc., 277 Park Avenue New York, New York, 10172 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Please send copies of all communications to: Elizabeth A. Davin, Esq. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 1111 Polaris Parkway Columbus, OH 43240 Jon S. Rand, Esq. Allison M. Fumai, Esq. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act […] formation Statement/Prospectus carefully. The following is a brief Q&A that will help explain t […] g the reasons for the Reorganizations. A more detailed discussion of the Reorganizations follows this section. Q. What is happening to my investment? Why am I receiving an Information Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds: JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund, JPMorgan High Yield Municipal Fund, JPMorgan Limited Duration Bond Fund, and JPMorgan Sustainable Municipal Income Fund (each, a “Target Fund”). Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). Each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. Following the reorganizations, each Target Fund will be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The chart below lists the name of each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund: Target Fund Acquiring Fund JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund JPMorgan Equity Focus ETF JPMorgan High Yield Municipal Fun […] Morgan Limited Duration Bond Fund July 27, 2023 These dates may change if the Closing Date of a Reorganization changes. Any changes to a Closing Date of a Reorganization will be communicated to shareholders. x Table of Contents INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS Dated [April] [10], 2023 JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 This Information Statement/Prospectus is being furnished to shareholders of certain series (each, a “Target Fund”) of JPMorgan Trust I (“Trust I”) and JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II” and collectively with Trust I, the “Target Fund Trusts”) to inform them of a plan to reorganize each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will continue to be managed by JPMIM. Each Target Fund will be reorganized into a newly-created ETF (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”) that is a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (the “ETF Trust” and together with the Target Fund Trusts, the “Trusts”), and each Target Fund will subsequently be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The Reorganizations are set forth in the table below. Reorganization Target Fund Acquiring Fund Equity Focus Reorganization JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund JPMorgan Equity Focus ETF Hig

=== 8d1f5761df5a n=2 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form 497 filed 2023-04-14 | acc 0001193125-23-102040 ===
497 1 d429709d497.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Table of Contents JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 April 10, 2023 Dear Shareholder: You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds (each, a “Target Fund”): • JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust I • JPMorgan High Yield Municipal Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust I • JPMorgan Limited Duration Bond Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust II • JPMorgan Sustainable Municipal Income Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust II Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). ETFs are structurally different from mutual funds in several important aspects: • A mutual fund may offer multiple share classes with different sales charges, expenses, and/or minimum investments. An ETF will not issue multiple classes of shares. • A mutual fund investor may purc […] formation Statement/Prospectus carefully. The following is a brief Q&A that will help explain t […] g the reasons for the Reorganizations. A more detailed discussion of the Reorganizations follows this section. Q. What is happening to my investment? Why am I receiving an Information Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds: JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund, JPMorgan High Yield Municipal Fund, JPMorgan Limited Duration Bond Fund, and JPMorgan Sustainable Municipal Income Fund (each, a “Target Fund”). Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). Each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies. Following the reorganizations, each Target Fund will be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The chart below lists the name of each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund: Target Fund Acquiring Fund JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund JPMorgan Equity Focus ETF JPMorgan High Yield Municipal Fun […] n also find information online at www.jpmorganfunds.com. Important additional information about the Reorganizations is set forth in the accompanying Information Statement/Prospectus. Please read it carefully. viii Table of Contents INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS Dated April 10, 2023 JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 This Information Statement/Prospectus is being furnished to shareholders of certain series (each, a “Target Fund”) of JPMorgan Trust I (“Trust I”) and JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II” and collectively with Trust I, the “Target Fund Trusts”) to inform them of a plan to reorganize each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will continue to be managed by JPMIM. Each Target Fund will be reorganized into a newly-created ETF (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”) that is a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (the “ETF Trust” and together with the Target Fund Trusts, the “Trusts”), and each Target Fund will subsequently be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The Reorganizations are set forth in the table below. Reorganization Target Fund Acquiring Fund Equity Focus Reorganization JPMorgan Equity Focus Fund JPMorgan Equity Focus ETF Hig

=== cc9d0119509a n=1 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form N-14 filed 2025-02-25 | acc 0001193125-25-034698 ===
N-14 1 d919963dn14.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on February 25, 2025 File No. 333- SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 277 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (800) 480-4111 Gregory S. Samuels, Esq. J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc., 277 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Please send copies of all communications to: Elizabeth A. Davin, Esq. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 1111 Polaris Parkway Columbus, OH 43240 Anthony Zacharski, Esq. Allison M. Fumai, Esq. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Secur […] his entire Information Statement/Prospectus carefully. The following is a brief Q&A that will h […] ow), including the reasons for the Reorganizations. A more detailed discussion of the Reorganizations follows this section. Q. What is happening to my investment? Why am I receiving an Information Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds: JPMorgan International Hedged Equity Fund, JPMorgan Mortgage-Backed Securities Fund, and JPMorgan U.S. Applied Data Science Value Fund (each, a “Target Fund”). Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). Each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies, except for the changes discussed in the section entitled “How do the Funds’ investment objectives, investment strategies, and fundamental investment policies compare?” Following the reorganizations, each Target Fund will be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The chart below lists the name of  […]  additional information about the Reorganizations is set forth in the accompanying Information Statement/Prospectus. Please read it carefully. viii Table of Contents INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS Dated [March] 27, 2025 JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II JPMorgan Trust IV 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 This Information Statement/Prospectus is being furnished to shareholders of certain series (each, a “Target Fund”) of JPMorgan Trust I (“Trust I”), JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II”), and JPMorgan Trust IV (“Trust IV” and collectively with Trust I and Trust II, the “Target Fund Trusts”) to inform them of a plan to reorganize each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will continue to be managed by JPMIM. Each Target Fund will be reorganized into a newly-created ETF (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”) that is a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (the “ETF Trust” and together with the Target Fund Trusts, the “Trusts”), and each Target Fund will subsequently be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The Reorganizations are set forth in the table below. Reorganization Target Fund Acquiring Fund International Hedged Equity Reorganization JPMorgan International Hedged Equity Fund

=== 0c3e584be3f4 n=1 | J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust  (CIK 0001485894) | form N-14/A filed 2025-03-28 | acc 0001193125-25-065845 ===
N-14/A 1 d919963dn14a.htm J.P. MORGAN EXCHANGE-TRADED FUND TRUST J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust Table of Contents As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on March 27, 2025 File No. 333-285192 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. 1 ☒ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes.) J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 277 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172 (Address of Principal Executive Office) (Zip Code) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code (800) 480-4111 Gregory S. Samuels, Esq. J.P. Morgan Investment Management Inc., 277 Park Avenue, New York, New York 10172 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Please send copies of all communications to: Elizabeth A. Davin, Esq. JPMorgan Chase & Co. 1111 Polaris Parkway Columbus, OH 43240 Anthony Zacharski, Esq. Allison M. Fumai, Esq. Dechert LLP 1095 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10036 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under t […] l determine. No filing fee is due because Registrant is relying on Section 24(f) of the Investm […] ontents JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II JPMorgan Trust IV 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 [March 31], 2025 Dear Shareholder: You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds (each, a “Target Fund”): • JPMorgan International Hedged Equity Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust IV • JPMorgan Mortgage-Backed Securities Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust II • JPMorgan U.S. Applied Data Science Value Fund, a series of JPMorgan Trust I Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). ETFs are structurally different from mutual funds in several important aspects: • A mutual fund may offer multiple share classes with different sales charges, expenses, and/or minimum investments. An ETF will not issue multiple classes of shares. • A mutual fund investor may purchase and redeem shares directly from the mutual fund (through a distributor or a financial intermediary). Most ETF investors will buy and sell shares in secondary market transactions through brokers. • A mutual fund will accept purcha […] ow), including the reasons for the Reorganizations. A more detailed discussion of the Reorganizations follows this section. Q. What is happening to my investment? Why am I receiving an Information Statement/Prospectus? A. You are receiving this Information Statement/Prospectus because you own shares in one or more of the following funds: JPMorgan International Hedged Equity Fund, JPMorgan Mortgage-Backed Securities Fund, and JPMorgan U.S. Applied Data Science Value Fund (each, a “Target Fund”). Each Target Fund currently operates as an open-end mutual fund. These Target Funds will be reorganized into exchange-traded funds (“ETFs”) though the reorganization of each Target Fund into a newly-created ETF (each an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”). Each Target Fund and its corresponding Acquiring Fund have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies and have substantially similar investment strategies, except for the changes discussed in the section entitled “How do the Funds’ investment objectives, investment strategies, and fundamental investment policies compare?” Following the reorganizations, each Target Fund will be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The chart below lists the name of  […]  additional information about the Reorganizations is set forth in the accompanying Information Statement/Prospectus. Please read it carefully. viii Table of Contents INFORMATION STATEMENT/PROSPECTUS Dated [March 31], 2025 JPMorgan Trust I JPMorgan Trust II JPMorgan Trust IV 277 Park Avenue New York, NY 10172 This Information Statement/Prospectus is being furnished to shareholders of certain series (each, a “Target Fund”) of JPMorgan Trust I (“Trust I”), JPMorgan Trust II (“Trust II”), and JPMorgan Trust IV (“Trust IV” and collectively with Trust I and Trust II, the “Target Fund Trusts”) to inform them of a plan to reorganize each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ETF”), which will continue to be managed by JPMIM. Each Target Fund will be reorganized into a newly-created ETF (each, an “Acquiring Fund” and together with the Target Funds, the “Funds”) that is a series of J.P. Morgan Exchange-Traded Fund Trust (the “ETF Trust” and together with the Target Fund Trusts, the “Trusts”), and each Target Fund will subsequently be liquidated (each such reorganization and liquidation, a “Reorganization”). The Reorganizations are set forth in the table below. Reorganization Target Fund Acquiring Fund International Hedged Equity Reorganization JPMorgan International Hedged Equity Fund