=== c23a1eb4cb11 n=1 | John Hancock Funds III  (CIK 0001329954) | form N-14 filed 2025-05-20 | acc 0001193125-25-123189 ===
N-14 1 d48821dn14.htm JOHN HANCOCK FUNDS III John Hancock Funds III Table of Contents File No. [333- ] As filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2025 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 PRE-EFFECTIVE AMENDMENT NO. POST-EFFECTIVE AMENDMENT NO. JOHN HANCOCK FUNDS III (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 200 Berkeley Street Boston, Massachusetts 02116 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 800-225-5291 (Registrant’s Area Code and Telephone Number) Christopher Sechler, Esq. 200 Berkeley Street Boston, Massachusetts 02116 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: Mark P. Goshko, Esq. K&L Gates LLP One Congress Street, Suite 2900 Boston, MA 02114 (617) 261-3163 Approximate Date of Proposed Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of beneficial interest of Registrant Calculation of Registration Fee under the Securities Act of 1933: No filing fee is due because of reliance on Section 24(f) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, which permits registratio […]  growth, overall gross shareholder expenses may be reduced in the future. • Substantially simil […] xpected to allow shareholders of the Target Fund to pursue a substantially similar investment objective in a larger combined fund. The Target Fund’s investment objective is to seek long-term growth of capital and the Acquiring Fund’s investment objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation. The Target Fund invests primarily in equity and equity-related securities of mid-to-large-capitalization companies. The Acquiring Fund invests in equity investments that are tied economically to the United States. These may include common stocks and other stock-related securities such as preferred stocks, convertible securities, depositary receipts, exchange-traded funds, and exchange-traded equity real estate investment trusts (REITs). The combined fund’s portfolio will be substantially similar to the Acquiring Fund’s current portfolio. • Continuity of management . John Hancock Investment Management LLC serves as investment advisor to your Fund and the Acquiring Fund and will continue to serve as the investment advisor to the combined fund. Jennison Associates LLC serves as the investment subadvisor of the Target Fund. Wellington Management Company LLP serves as the investment subadvisor to the Acquiring Fund and will continue to serve as the investment subadvisor to the combined fund. 

=== 22b4f193e78b n=1 | John Hancock Funds III  (CIK 0001329954) | form 497 filed 2025-06-20 | acc 0001193125-25-143354 ===
497 1 d947638d497.htm JOHN HANCOCK FUNDS III John Hancock Funds III Table of Contents June 20, 2025 Your action is required. Please vote today. Dear John Hancock Capital Appreciation Fund shareholder: At John Hancock Investment Management, we continually review our lineup of mutual funds to ensure that each fund continues to serve the best interests of shareholders. Included in that assessment is a review of account fees and long-term prospects for growth, and whether the combination of similar funds might promote beneficial economies of scale. On occasions where we believe a fund may benefit from its combination with another similar fund, we have taken action, and we believe your fund would benefit from such action at this time. After careful consideration, we proposed, and your fund’s Trustees agreed, that shareholders would benefit from a merger of John Hancock Capital Appreciation Fund (the “Fund” or “Target Fund”) with and into John Hancock U.S. Growth Fund (the “Acquiring Fund”) (the “Reorganization”). Advantages of the proposed merger: • Expected economies of scale and potentially lower expenses in the future. Following the Reorganization, and after allocation of any Reorgan […]  growth, overall gross shareholder expenses may be reduced in the future. • Substantially simil […] xpected to allow shareholders of the Target Fund to pursue a substantially similar investment objective in a larger combined fund. The Target Fund’s investment objective is to seek long-term growth of capital and the Acquiring Fund’s investment objective is to seek long-term capital appreciation. The Target Fund invests primarily in equity and equity-related securities of mid-to-large-capitalization companies. The Acquiring Fund invests in equity investments that are tied economically to the United States. These may include common stocks and other stock-related securities such as preferred stocks, convertible securities, depositary receipts, exchange-traded funds, and exchange-traded equity real estate investment trusts (REITs). The combined fund’s portfolio will be substantially similar to the Acquiring Fund’s current portfolio. • Continuity of management . John Hancock Investment Management LLC serves as investment advisor to your Fund and the Acquiring Fund and will continue to serve as the investment advisor to the combined fund. Jennison Associates LLC serves as the investment subadvisor of the Target Fund. Wellington Management Company LLP serves as the investment subadvisor to the Acquiring Fund and will continue to serve as the investment subadvisor to the combined fund. 

=== d783a0cc9de1 n=1 | Kurv ETF Trust  (CIK 0001782952) | form N-14 filed 2024-08-21 | acc 0001999371-24-010468 ===
N-14 1 kurv-n14_082124.htm FORM N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on August 21, 2024 1933 Act Registration File No. 333- U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 ☒ Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Kurv ETF Trust (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) 1 Letterman Drive, Building C, Suite 3-500 San Francisco, CA 94129 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code): (914) 953-8811 Corporation Trust Center 1209 Orange Street Wilmington, Delaware 19801 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) Copies to: David J. Baum Alston & Bird LLP 950 F St. NW Washington, DC 20004 Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this Registration Statement becomes effective under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Title of Securities Being Registered: Shares of beneficial interest, no par value per share, in the following series of the Registrant: Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Amazon (AMZN) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Apple (APPL) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy […]  Meeting and the Reorganizations? Answer : Kurv Investment Management LLC will bear all expense […] n of one Target Fund and corresponding Acquiring Fund is approved will not impact the other Reorganizations. 8 Question : How do I vote my shares? Answer : You can vote your shares as indicated under “HOW TO VOTE YOUR SHARES” which immediately precedes this Question and Answers section. Question : Who do I call if I have questions? Answer : If you have any questions regarding the proposals or the proxy card, or need assistance voting your shares, please call the Target Funds’ proxy solicitor, [ ], toll-free at [ ]. 9 COMBINED PROXY STATEMENT AND PROSPECTUS September 23, 2024 For the Reorganization of Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Amazon (AMZN) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Apple (APPL) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Microsoft (MSFT) ETF Kurv Yield Premiu […] e Expense Limit 0.99% for each Target Fund Same Investment Objective Each Target Fund seeks to provide current income. Same. Listing Exchange All Target Funds are on the CBOE BZX Exchange, Inc. Same Form of Organization Series of a Delaware statutory trust Series of a Delaware statutory trust 16 After the Reorganizations, Kurv Investment Management LLC, which currently serves as the investment adviser to the Target Funds, will be the investment adviser of the Target Funds. Shareholders will continue to be able to make additi

=== 913906a5672c n=1 | Kurv ETF Trust  (CIK 0001782952) | form 497 filed 2024-09-27 | acc 0001999371-24-012550 ===
497 1 kurv-497_092724.htm DEFINITIVE MATERIALS COMBINED PROXY STATEMENT AND PROSPECTUS For the Reorganization of Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Amazon (AMZN) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Apple (APPL) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Microsoft (MSFT) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Google (GOOGL) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Tesla (TSLA) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Netflix (NFLX) ETF each a series of NEOS ETF Trust 13 Riverside Avenue, Westport, CT 06880 into Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Amazon (AMZN) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Apple (APPL) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Microsoft (MSFT) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Google (GOOGL) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Tesla (TSLA) ETF Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Netflix (NFLX) ETF each a series of Kurv ETF Trust 1 Letterman Drive, Building C, Suite 3-500, San Francisco, CA 94129 September 23, 2024 Kurv Yield Premium ETFs each a series of NEOS ETF Trust 13 Riverside Avenue, Westport, CT 06880 September 23, 2024 Dear Shareholder: On behalf of the Board of Trustees of NEOS ETF Trust, we invite you to a Special Meeting of Shareholders (the “Special Meeting”) of the Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Amazon (AMZN) ETF, Kurv Yield Premiu […]  Meeting and the Reorganizations? Answer : Kurv Investment Management LLC will bear all expense […] uy, hold, and sell shares of the corresponding Acquiring Fund after giving effect to the applicable Reorganization. Expenses for each Target Fund are based on operating expenses of the Target Fund for the fiscal year ended May 31, 2024. Expenses for the Acquiring Funds are pro forma operating expenses of the Acquiring Funds for the same period, assuming the Reorganizations had occurred prior to the start of the period. This table and the Example below do not include the brokerage commissions and other fees to financial intermediaries that investors may pay on their purchases and sales of Fund shares. Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Amazon (AMZN) ETF Fees and Expenses Target Fund Shares Acquiring Fund Shares (pro forma) Annual Fund Operating Expenses (e xpenses that you pay each year as a percentage of the value of your investment) Management Fee 1.15% 1.15% Distribution (12b-1) Fees NONE NONE Other Expenses (1) 0.00% 0.00% Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses 1.15% 1.15% Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement (2), (3) (0.16%) (0.16%) Total Annual Fund Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and Reimbursement 0.99% 0.99% Kurv Yield Premium Strategy Apple (APPL) ETF Fees and Expenses Target Fund […] re price gains in [UNDERLYING STOCK] but the Fund remains subject to all potential share p

=== 1f99488667ab n=1 | LAZARD FUNDS INC  (CIK 0000874964) | form 497K filed 2025-01-15 | acc 0000930413-25-000097 ===
497K 1 c111032_497k.htm THE LAZARD FUNDS, INC. Lazard International Equity Advantage Portfolio Supplement to Current Summary Prospectus and Prospectus For all existing and prospective shareholders of Lazard International Equity Advantage Portfolio: • Lazard International Equity Advantage Portfolio (the “ Acquired Portfolio ”) will be converted from a mutual fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ ETF ”), which is expected to occur on or about April 30, 2025. • If you are an existing shareholder of the Acquired Portfolio, and your account can hold an ETF, your portfolio shares will be converted, and no action is needed by you. • If you hold shares of the Acquired Portfolio in an account that cannot hold an ETF ( i.e. , your account is not permitted to purchase securities traded in the stock market), there are certain actions you can take. See the “Questions and Answers” section below for further information. At a meeting held on January 9, 2025, the Board of Directors of The Lazard Funds, Inc. (“ LFI ”) approved on behalf of the Acquired Portfolio and the Board of Trustees of Lazard Active ETF Trust (“ LAE ”) approved on behalf of Lazard International Dynamic Equity ETF (the “ Acquirin […] anization is subject to making various filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission […] ions (the “ SEC ”) and a number of conditions under the Plan. The Reorganization does not require shareholder approval. Acquired Portfolio shareholders will receive an information statement/prospectus describing in detail both the Reorganization and the Acquiring Portfolio, and a summary of the Board’s considerations in approving the Reorganization. In anticipation of the Reorganization, effective on or about January 16, 2025, the Acquired Portfolio will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases by existing shareholders except for Institutional Class Shares. All issued and outstanding shares Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be converted into Institutional Shares prior to the time of the Reorganization. In addition, on or about March 31, 2025, the Institutional Shares class will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases by existing shareholders through the time of the Reorganization. These dates may be subject to change. An Information Statement/Prospectus with respect to the Reorganization will be mailed to Acquired Portfolio shareholders in February 2025. The Information Statement/Prospectus will describe the Acquiring Portfolio and other matters. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Prospectus of the Acquiring Portfolio once the registration statement of the Acquiring Portfolio becomes effective at https://www.lazardassetmanagement.com/us/en_us/funds/list/mutual-funds/42 or by calling (800) 823-6300. Dated: January 15, 2025 IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR PORTFOLIO ACCOUNT QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The following is a brief Q&A that provides information to help you to determine whether you need to take action with respect to your shareholder account before the Reorganization in order to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio. Q. Why is the Acquired Portfolio being converted into an ETF? A. LAM and the Board believe that the Reorganization will provide multiple benefits for shareholders of the Acquired Portfolio, including lower costs, additional trading flexibility, increased portfolio holdings transparency and the potential for enhanced tax efficiency. Q. How will the Acquiring Portfolio be managed after the Reorganization? A. The Acquiring Portfolio will have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies as the Acquired Portfolio as well as substantially similar investment strategies. The portfolio management team of the Acquiring Portfolio will be the same as that of the Acquired Portfol […]  I do not want to own shares of the Acquiring Portfolio? A. If you do not want to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio in connection with the Reorganization, you can exchange your Acquired Portfolio shares for shares of another Lazard mutual fund that is not participating in the Reorganization or redeem your Acquired Portfolio shares. Prior to doing so, however, you should consider the tax consequences associated with either action. Exchange or redemption of your Acquired Portfolio shares may be a taxable event if you hold your shares in a taxable account. The last date for redemptions of Institutional Shares (including Open Shares that will be converted to Institutional Shares) is April 28, 2025. * * * * * In connection with the Reorganization discussed herein, an information statement/prospectus that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14 will be filed with the SEC. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be amended or withdrawn and the information statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and until the registration statement becomes effective. Investors are urged to read the materials and any other relevant documents when they become available because they will contain important information about the Reor

=== 48756291de0f n=1 | LAZARD FUNDS INC  (CIK 0000874964) | form 497 filed 2025-01-15 | acc 0000930413-25-000096 ===
497 1 c110997_497.htm THE LAZARD FUNDS, INC. Lazard International Equity Advantage Portfolio Supplement to Current Summary Prospectus and Prospectus For all existing and prospective shareholders of Lazard International Equity Advantage Portfolio: • Lazard International Equity Advantage Portfolio (the “ Acquired Portfolio ”) will be converted from a mutual fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ ETF ”), which is expected to occur on or about April 30, 2025. • If you are an existing shareholder of the Acquired Portfolio, and your account can hold an ETF, your portfolio shares will be converted, and no action is needed by you. • If you hold shares of the Acquired Portfolio in an account that cannot hold an ETF ( i.e. , your account is not permitted to purchase securities traded in the stock market), there are certain actions you can take. See the “Questions and Answers” section below for further information. At a meeting held on January 9, 2025, the Board of Directors of The Lazard Funds, Inc. (“ LFI ”) approved on behalf of the Acquired Portfolio and the Board of Trustees of Lazard Active ETF Trust (“ LAE ”) approved on behalf of Lazard International Dynamic Equity ETF (the “ Acquiring  […] anization is subject to making various filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission […] ions (the “ SEC ”) and a number of conditions under the Plan. The Reorganization does not require shareholder approval. Acquired Portfolio shareholders will receive an information statement/prospectus describing in detail both the Reorganization and the Acquiring Portfolio, and a summary of the Board’s considerations in approving the Reorganization. In anticipation of the Reorganization, effective on or about January 16, 2025, the Acquired Portfolio will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases by existing shareholders except for Institutional Class Shares. All issued and outstanding shares Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be converted into Institutional Shares prior to the time of the Reorganization. In addition, on or about March 31, 2025, the Institutional Shares class will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases by existing shareholders through the time of the Reorganization. These dates may be subject to change. An Information Statement/Prospectus with respect to the Reorganization will be mailed to Acquired Portfolio shareholders in February 2025. The Information Statement/Prospectus will describe the Acquiring Portfolio and other matters. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Prospectus of the Acquiring Portfolio once the registration statement of the Acquiring Portfolio becomes effective at https://www.lazardassetmanagement.com/us/en_us/funds/list/mutual-funds/42 or by calling (800) 823-6300. Dated: January 15, 2025 IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR PORTFOLIO ACCOUNT QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The following is a brief Q&A that provides information to help you to determine whether you need to take action with respect to your shareholder account before the Reorganization in order to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio. Q. Why is the Acquired Portfolio being converted into an ETF? A. LAM and the Board believe that the Reorganization will provide multiple benefits for shareholders of the Acquired Portfolio, including lower costs, additional trading flexibility, increased portfolio holdings transparency and the potential for enhanced tax efficiency. Q. How will the Acquiring Portfolio be managed after the Reorganization? A. The Acquiring Portfolio will have identical investment objectives and fundamental investment policies as the Acquired Portfolio as well as substantially similar investment strategies. The portfolio management team of the Acquiring Portfolio will be the same as that of the Acquired Portfol […]  I do not want to own shares of the Acquiring Portfolio? A. If you do not want to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio in connection with the Reorganization, you can exchange your Acquired Portfolio shares for shares of another Lazard mutual fund that is not participating in the Reorganization or redeem your Acquired Portfolio shares. Prior to doing so, however, you should consider the tax consequences associated with either action. Exchange or redemption of your Acquired Portfolio shares may be a taxable event if you hold your shares in a taxable account. The last date for redemptions of Institutional Shares (including Open Shares that will be converted to Institutional Shares) is April 28, 2025. * * * * * In connection with the Reorganization discussed herein, an information statement/prospectus that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14 will be filed with the SEC. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be amended or withdrawn and the information statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and until the registration statement becomes effective. Investors are urged to read the materials and any other relevant documents when they become available because they will contain important information about the Reor

=== 3f6ace20f1e6 n=1 | LAZARD FUNDS INC  (CIK 0000874964) | form 497K filed 2025-05-22 | acc 0000930413-25-001862 ===
497K 1 c112750_497k.htm THE LAZARD FUNDS, INC. Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity Portfolio Supplement to Current Summary Prospectus and Prospectus For all existing and prospective shareholders of Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity Portfolio: · Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity Portfolio (the “ Acquired Portfolio ”) will be converted from a mutual fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ ETF ”), which is expected to occur on or about September 12, 2025. · If you are an existing shareholder of the Acquired Portfolio, and your account can hold an ETF, your portfolio shares will be converted, and no action is needed by you. · If you hold shares of the Acquired Portfolio in an account that cannot hold an ETF ( i.e. , your account is not permitted to purchase securities traded in the stock market), there are certain actions you can take. See the “Questions and Answers” section below for further information. At a meeting held on May 20, 2025, the Board of Directors of The Lazard Funds, Inc. (“ LFI ”) approved on behalf of the Acquired Portfolio and the Board of Trustees of Lazard Active ETF Trust (“ LAE ”) approved on behalf of Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity ETF (the “ Acqui […]  SEC ”) and a number of conditions under the Plan. The Reorganization does not require sharehol […] holder approval. Acquired Portfolio shareholders will receive an information statement/prospectus describing in detail both the Reorganization and the Acquiring Portfolio, and a summary of the Board’s considerations in approving the Reorganization. In anticipation of the Reorganization: · on or about May 22, 2025, R6 Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases by existing shareholders through the time of the Reorganization; · on or about May 30, 2025, all Rule 12b-1 fees on Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be waived and all issued and outstanding Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be converted into Institutional Shares; and · on or about September 8, 2025, the Institutional Shares class will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases through the time of the Reorganization. These dates may be subject to change. It is currently expected that at the time of the Reorganization there will be no outstanding R6 Shares. An Information Statement/Prospectus with respect to the Reorganization is expected to be mailed to Acquired Portfolio shareholders in July 2025. The Information Statement/Prospectus will describe the Acquiring Portfolio and other matters. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Prospectus of the Acquiring Portfolio once the registration statement of the Acquiring Portfolio becomes effective at https://www.lazardassetmanagement.com/us/en_us/investment-solutions/how-to-invest/mutual-funds or by calling (800) 823-6300. Dated: May 22, 2025 Please retain this supplement for future reference. IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR PORTFOLIO ACCOUNT QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The following is a brief Q&A that provides information to help you to determine whether you need to take action with respect to your shareholder account before the Reorganization in order to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio. Q. Why is the Acquired Portfolio being converted into an ETF? A. LAM and the Board believe that the Reorganization will provide multiple benefits for shareholders of the Acquired Portfolio, including lower costs, additional trading flexibility, increased portfolio holdings transparency and the potential for enhanced tax efficiency. Q. How will the Acquiring Portfolio be managed after the Reorganization? A. The Acquiring Portfolio will have identical investment objectives, fundamental investment policies and investment strategies as the Acquired Portfolio. The portfolio management team of the Acquiring Portfolio will be the same as that of the Acquired Portfolio. Q. What types of shareholder […]  I do not want to own shares of the Acquiring Portfolio? A. If you do not want to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio in connection with the Reorganization, you can exchange your Acquired Portfolio shares for shares of another Lazard mutual fund that is not participating in the Reorganization or redeem your Acquired Portfolio shares. Prior to doing so, however, you should consider the tax consequences associated with either action. Exchange or redemption of your Acquired Portfolio shares may be a taxable event if you hold your shares in a taxable account. The last date for redemptions of Institutional Shares (including Open Shares that will be converted to Institutional Shares before this date) is September 8, 2025. * * * * * In connection with the Reorganization discussed herein, an information statement/prospectus that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14 will be filed with the SEC. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be amended or withdrawn and the information statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and until the registration statement becomes effective. Investors are urged to read the materials and any other relevant documents when they become available because they will contain important inform

=== 313c2728ff91 n=1 | LAZARD FUNDS INC  (CIK 0000874964) | form 497 filed 2025-05-22 | acc 0000930413-25-001861 ===
497 1 c112749_497.htm THE LAZARD FUNDS, INC. Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity Portfolio Supplement to Current Summary Prospectus and Prospectus For all existing and prospective shareholders of Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity Portfolio: · Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity Portfolio (the “ Acquired Portfolio ”) will be converted from a mutual fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ ETF ”), which is expected to occur on or about September 12, 2025. · If you are an existing shareholder of the Acquired Portfolio, and your account can hold an ETF, your portfolio shares will be converted, and no action is needed by you. · If you hold shares of the Acquired Portfolio in an account that cannot hold an ETF ( i.e. , your account is not permitted to purchase securities traded in the stock market), there are certain actions you can take. See the “Questions and Answers” section below for further information. At a meeting held on May 20, 2025, the Board of Directors of The Lazard Funds, Inc. (“ LFI ”) approved on behalf of the Acquired Portfolio and the Board of Trustees of Lazard Active ETF Trust (“ LAE ”) approved on behalf of Lazard US Systematic Small Cap Equity ETF (the “ Acquiri […]  SEC ”) and a number of conditions under the Plan. The Reorganization does not require sharehol […] holder approval. Acquired Portfolio shareholders will receive an information statement/prospectus describing in detail both the Reorganization and the Acquiring Portfolio, and a summary of the Board’s considerations in approving the Reorganization. In anticipation of the Reorganization: · on or about May 22, 2025, R6 Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases by existing shareholders through the time of the Reorganization; · on or about May 30, 2025, all Rule 12b-1 fees on Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be waived and all issued and outstanding Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be converted into Institutional Shares; and · on or about September 8, 2025, the Institutional Shares class will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases through the time of the Reorganization. These dates may be subject to change. It is currently expected that at the time of the Reorganization there will be no outstanding R6 Shares. An Information Statement/Prospectus with respect to the Reorganization is expected to be mailed to Acquired Portfolio shareholders in July 2025. The Information Statement/Prospectus will describe the Acquiring Portfolio and other matters. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Prospectus of the Acquiring Portfolio once the registration statement of the Acquiring Portfolio becomes effective at https://www.lazardassetmanagement.com/us/en_us/investment-solutions/how-to-invest/mutual-funds or by calling (800) 823-6300. Dated: May 22, 2025 Please retain this supplement for future reference. IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR PORTFOLIO ACCOUNT QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The following is a brief Q&A that provides information to help you to determine whether you need to take action with respect to your shareholder account before the Reorganization in order to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio. Q. Why is the Acquired Portfolio being converted into an ETF? A. LAM and the Board believe that the Reorganization will provide multiple benefits for shareholders of the Acquired Portfolio, including lower costs, additional trading flexibility, increased portfolio holdings transparency and the potential for enhanced tax efficiency. Q. How will the Acquiring Portfolio be managed after the Reorganization? A. The Acquiring Portfolio will have identical investment objectives, fundamental investment policies and investment strategies as the Acquired Portfolio. The portfolio management team of the Acquiring Portfolio will be the same as that of the Acquired Portfolio. Q. What types of shareholder […]  I do not want to own shares of the Acquiring Portfolio? A. If you do not want to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio in connection with the Reorganization, you can exchange your Acquired Portfolio shares for shares of another Lazard mutual fund that is not participating in the Reorganization or redeem your Acquired Portfolio shares. Prior to doing so, however, you should consider the tax consequences associated with either action. Exchange or redemption of your Acquired Portfolio shares may be a taxable event if you hold your shares in a taxable account. The last date for redemptions of Institutional Shares (including Open Shares that will be converted to Institutional Shares before this date) is September 8, 2025. * * * * * In connection with the Reorganization discussed herein, an information statement/prospectus that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14 will be filed with the SEC. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be amended or withdrawn and the information statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and until the registration statement becomes effective. Investors are urged to read the materials and any other relevant documents when they become available because they will contain important inform

=== d3c2c935c736 n=1 | LAZARD FUNDS INC  (CIK 0000874964) | form 497K filed 2025-06-24 | acc 0000930413-25-002050 ===
497K 1 c113075_497k.htm THE LAZARD FUNDS, INC. Lazard Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio Supplement to Current Summary Prospectus and Prospectus For all existing and prospective shareholders of Lazard Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio: • Lazard Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio (the “ Acquired Portfolio ”) will be converted from a mutual fund into an exchange-traded fund (“ ETF ”), which is expected to occur on or about October 24, 2025. • If you are an existing shareholder of the Acquired Portfolio, and your account can hold an ETF, your portfolio shares will be converted, and no action is needed by you. • If you hold shares of the Acquired Portfolio in an account that cannot hold an ETF ( i.e. , your account is not permitted to purchase securities traded in the stock market), there are certain actions you can take. See the “Questions and Answers” section below for further information. At a meeting held on June 24, 2025 (the “ Meeting ”), the Board of Directors of The Lazard Funds, Inc. (“ LFI ”) approved on behalf of the Acquired Portfolio and the Board of Trustees of Lazard Active ETF Trust (“ LAE ”) approved on behalf of Lazard Emerging Markets Opportunities ETF ( […] d to Acquired Portfolio Shareholders in connection with this Reorganization in lieu of fraction […] th the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commissions (the “ SEC ”) and a number of conditions under the Plan. The Reorganization does not require shareholder approval. Acquired Portfolio shareholders will receive an information statement/prospectus describing in detail both the Reorganization and the Acquiring Portfolio, and a summary of the Board’s considerations in approving the Reorganization. In anticipation of the Reorganization: • on or about June 30, 2025, all Rule 12b-1 fees on Open Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be waived; • on or about October 3, 2025, all issued and outstanding Open Shares and R6 Shares of the Acquired Portfolio will be converted into Institutional Shares; and • on or about October 20, 2025, the Institutional Shares class will be closed to new shareholders and subsequent purchases through the time of the Reorganization. These dates may be subject to change. An Information Statement/Prospectus with respect to the Reorganization is expected to be mailed to Acquired Portfolio shareholders in August 2025. The Information Statement/Prospectus will describe the Acquiring Portfolio and other matters. Investors may obtain a free copy of the Prospectus of the Acquiring Portfolio once the registration statement of the Acquiring Portfolio becomes effective at h […]  Operating Expenses After Fee Waiver and/or Expense Reimbursement 1.10% 1.35% 1.05% 1 Until September 30, 2025, Lazard Asset Management LLC (the “Investment Manager”) has contractually agreed to waive its fee and, if necessary, reimburse the Portfolio, to the extent Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses exceed 1.10%, 1.35% and 1.05% of the average daily net assets of the Portfolio’s Institutional Shares, Open Shares and R6 Shares, respectively, exclusive of taxes, brokerage, interest on borrowings, fees and expenses of “Acquired Funds,” fees and expenses related to filing foreign tax reclaims and extraordinary expenses. To facilitate the reorganization of the Portfolio with and into Lazard Emerging Markets Opportunities ETF, a series of Lazard Active ETF Trust (the “Reorganization”) (including conversion of Open Shares and R6 Shares into Institutional Shares), beginning on October 1, 2025 through the earlier of the closing of the Reorganization or July 24, 2026, the Investment Manager will contractually agree to waive its fee and, if necessary, reimburse the Portfolio, to the extent Total Annual Portfolio Operating Expenses exceed 1.05% of the average daily net assets of the Portfolio’s Institutional Shares (including Open Shares and R6 Shares converted into Institutional Sha […] ry Prospectus and the “Summary Section—Lazard Emerging Markets Core Equity Portfolio—Example” section in the Prospectus of the Acquired Portfolio: 1 year 3 years 5 years 10 years Institutional Shares $ 107 $ 377 $ 665 $ 1,485 Dated: June 24, 2025 Please retain this supplement for future reference. IMPORTANT NOTICE ABOUT YOUR PORTFOLIO ACCOUNT QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS The following is a brief Q&A that provides information to help you to determine whether you need to take action with respect to your shareholder account before the Reorganization in order to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio. Q. Why is the Acquired Portfolio being converted into an ETF? A. LAM and the Board believe that the Reorganization will provide multiple benefits for shareholders of the Acquired Portfolio, including lower costs, additional trading flexibility, increased portfolio holdings transparency and the potential for enhanced tax efficiency. Q. How will the Acquiring Portfolio be managed after the Reorganization? A. The Acquiring Portfolio will have identical investment objective and fundamental investment policies as the Acquired Portfolio, as well as similar investment strategies. The Acquired Portfolio’s current portfolio management team is composed of Rohit Chopra and Thomas Boyle. The Acquiring  […]  to own shares of the Acquiring Portfolio? A. If you do not want to receive shares of the Acquiring Portfolio in connection with the Reorganization, you can exchange your Acquired Portfolio shares for shares of another Lazard mutual fund that is not participating in the Reorganization or redeem your Acquired Portfolio shares. Prior to doing so, however, you should consider the tax consequences associated with either action. Exchange or redemption of your Acquired Portfolio shares may be a taxable event if you hold your shares in a taxable account. The last date for redemptions of Institutional Shares (including Open Shares and R6 Shares that will be converted to Institutional Shares before this date) is October 20, 2025. * * * * * In connection with the Reorganization discussed herein, an information statement/prospectus that will be included in a registration statement on Form N-14 will be filed with the SEC. After the registration statement is filed with the SEC, it may be amended or withdrawn and the information statement/prospectus will not be distributed to shareholders unless and until the registration statement becomes effective. Investors are urged to read the materials and any other relevant documents when they become available because they will contain important informa