=== 0f1fce9a2b80 n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form N-14 filed 2023-06-22 | acc 0000898432-23-000399 ===
N-14 1 formn-14.htm As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on June 22, 2023 1933 Act Registration No. [ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. ☐ Post-Effective Amendment No. [ ] ☐ (Check appropriate box or boxes) NEUBERGER BERMAN ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (212) 476-8800 Joseph V. Amato Chief Executive Officer and President Neuberger Berman ETF Trust c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: Stacy L. Fuller, Esq. Lori L. Schneider, Esq. K&L Gates LLP 1601 K Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20006-1600 (Names and Addresses of Agents for Service of Process) Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this registration statement goes effective under the Securities Act of 1933,  […] BERMAN ETF TRUST FORM N-14 CONTENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM N-14 This Registration St […] ing papers and documents: Cover Sheet Contents of Registration Statement on Form N-14 Letter to Shareholders Part A – Information Statement and Prospectus Part B – Statement of Additional Information Part C – Other Information Signature Page Exhibits NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 _______________, 2023 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in Neuberger Berman Greater China Equity Fund or Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate Fund (each a “Target Fund,” collectively the “Target Funds”). We are planning to convert each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” Neuberger Berman Greater China Equity Fund will be converted by merging it into Neuberger Berman China Equity ETF, which will be a newly created ETF. Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate Fund will be converted by merging it into Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate ETF, which will be a newly created ETF. Each of Neuberger Berman China Equity ETF and Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate ETF (each a “New ETF” or a “Fund”, collectively, “New ETFs” or “Funds”) will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to these as the “Conversion” or the “Conversions.” After each Conversion, you will hold shares of the respective New ETF instead of your Target Fund. The New ETFs will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETFs will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. […] h from the New ETFs at net asset value. (iii) the Conversion is structured to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, shareholders of each Target Fund will generally exchange their Target Fund shares for shares of its respective New ETF on a tax-free basis. However, if you hold fractional Target Fund shares as of the date of a Conversion, you will receive cash equal to the net asset value of such fractional shares in the Conversion, which will cause you to recognize gain or loss for income tax purposes. Further, Target Fund shares that are held outside of a brokerage account as of the day prior to a Conversion, will be converted into New ETF shares and held by American Stock Transfer & Trust Company, LLC (“AST”) for one year until a brokerage account is identified. Additionally, Target Fund shares held through a direct individual retirement account held with a Target Fund as of the day prior to a Conversion will be redeemed for cash equal to the net asset value of such shares as of that date. (iv) after each Conversion, as a shareholder of a New ETF, you will gain the benefit of full daily transparency into the underlying portfolio holdings of the New ETFs. The Target Funds do not provide full daily transparency into their underlying portfolio holdi […]  Shareholder, you must take one of the following actions: 1. Transfer the custody of your Target Fund shares to the broker-dealer of your choice . We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred - 3 - option. This is the option that we recommend. Look at the box at the end of this letter for more information. 2. Exchange your Target Fund shares for shares of another series of the Neuberger Berman fund family. You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700 . 3. Redeem your shares in a Target Fund . You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700. If you are a Direct Shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of a New ETF and held by a stock transfer agent, AST, waiting for your instructions. 1 Additionally, if you are a Direct Shareholder who holds Target Fund shares through a direct individual retirement account held with a Target Fund and do not take action prior to a Conversion, your Target Fund shares will receive cash equal to the net asset value of such shares as of that date. We will continue to contact you to assist you in transferring your shares into a brokerage account. This document is provided for information only, because shareholder approval is not required to effectuate the Conversions . Each Conversi […] r Agent. If you already hold your shares in a brokerage account, you can ignore this section. - 6 - QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief Q&A which will help explain the Conversions, including the reasons for the Conversions. Following this section is a more detailed discussion. We recommend that you read the complete Combined Information Statement/Prospectus. Q1. What is happening to Neuberger Berman Greater China Equity Fund (“Greater China Equity Fund”) or Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate Fund (“Global Real Estate Fund) (each a “Target Fund,” collectively the “Target Funds”)? A. We are planning to convert each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” Greater China Equity Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman China Equity ETF (“China Equity ETF” or “New ETF”). Global Real Estate Fund will be converted by merging into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate ETF (“Global Real Estate ETF” or “New ETF”). Each New ETF will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust (the “New Trust”). We refer to these as the “Conversion” or the “Conversions.” After each Conversion, you will hold shares of the respective New ETF instead of your Target Fund. The New ETFs will be listed for tra

=== ada60c41c70e n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form 497 filed 2023-08-03 | acc 0000898432-23-000564 ===
497 1 form497.htm NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 August 9, 2023 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in Neuberger Berman Greater China Equity Fund or Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate Fund (each a “Target Fund,” collectively the “Target Funds”). We are planning to convert each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” Neuberger Berman Greater China Equity Fund will be converted by merging it into Neuberger Berman China Equity ETF, which will be a newly created ETF. Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate Fund will be converted by merging it into Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate ETF, which will be a newly created ETF. Each of Neuberger Berman China Equity ETF and Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate ETF (each a “New ETF” or a “Fund”, collectively, “New ETFs” or “Funds”) will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to these as the “Conversion” or the “Conversions.” After each Conversion, you will hold shares of the respective New ETF instead of your Target Fund. The New ETFs will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a […] rget Fund. Your broker will require a Target Fund’s account number, which can be found on your  […] r Agent. If you already hold your shares in a brokerage account, you can ignore this section. - 6 - QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief Q&A which will help explain the Conversions, including the reasons for the Conversions. Following this section is a more detailed discussion. We recommend that you read the complete Combined Information Statement/Prospectus. Q1. What is happening to Neuberger Berman Greater China Equity Fund (“Greater China Equity Fund”) or Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate Fund (“Global Real Estate Fund) (each a “Target Fund,” collectively the “Target Funds”)? A. We are planning to convert each Target Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” Greater China Equity Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman China Equity ETF (“China Equity ETF” or “New ETF”). Global Real Estate Fund will be converted by merging into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Global Real Estate ETF (“Global Real Estate ETF” or “New ETF”). Each New ETF will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust (the “New Trust”). We refer to these as the “Conversion” or the “Conversions.” After each Conversion, you will hold shares of the respective New ETF instead of your Target Fund. The New ETFs will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETFs will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. Q2. What is this document and why did we send it to you? A. This is a Combined Information Statement/Prospectus that provides you with information about the Conversions. You are receiving this document because, as of July 21, 2023, you were a shareholder in a Target Fund. The Conversions do not require your approval, and you are not being asked to vote. Q3. Has the Board of Trustees (“Board”) of Neuberger Berman Equity Funds (the “Trust”) approved the Conversions? A. Yes, the Board approved each Conversion at a meeting of the Board held on March 30, 2023 and, after careful consideration, determined that each Conversion is in the best interests of a Target Fund and its shareholders and that the Target Fund’s existing shareholders’ interests will not be diluted as a result the Conversion. The New ETFs do not have existing shareholders. - 7 - Q4. What will change when the Target Funds are converted to ETFs? A. Each New ETF is an exchange traded investment company, known as an ETF. After the Conversion, you will remain in a registered investment company, but it will be exchange tr

=== ccd03928ee4e n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form N-14 filed 2023-09-19 | acc 0000898432-23-000673 ===
N-14 1 form-n14.htm FORM N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September 19, 2023 1933 Act Registration No. [ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. Post-Effective Amendment No. [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) NEUBERGER BERMAN ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (212) 476-8800 Joseph V. Amato Chief Executive Officer and President Neuberger Berman ETF Trust c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: Stacy L. Fuller, Esq. Lori L. Schneider, Esq. K&L Gates LLP 1601 K Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20006-1600 (Names and Addresses of Agents for Service of Process) Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this registration statement goes effective under the Securities Ac […] become effective on October 19, 2023 pursuant to Rule 488. NEUBERGER BERMAN ETF TRUST FORM N-14 […] ENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM N-14 This Registration Statement consists of the following papers and documents: Cover Sheet Contents of Registration Statement on Form N-14 Letter to Shareholders Part A – Information Statement and Prospectus Part B – Statement of Additional Information Part C – Other Information Signature Page Exhibits NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 September [__], 2023 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in the Neuberger Berman U.S. Equity Index PutWrite Strategy Fund (the “Fund”). We are planning to convert your Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Option Strategy ETF (the “New ETF”), which will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. We believe that the Fund and its shareholders will benefit from the Conversion into an ETF since the New ETF will have a lower total annual operating expense ratio than Class A, Class C and Institutional Class of the Fund and the same total annual operating expense ratio as Class R6 shares of the Fund. You also will be able to buy and sell shares of the New ETF throughout the trading day. In addition, the New ETF will be managed by the same investment adviser, Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC (the “Adviser”), as the Fund and the New ETF will have the same investment objective, investment strategy, investment restrictions and portfolio managers as the Fund. Once you own shares of the New ETF, you will be able to  […] u will not be able to redeem New ETF shares for cash from the New ETF at net asset value. (iii) the Conversion is structured to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, Fund shareholders will generally exchange their Fund shares for New ETF shares on a tax-free basis. However, if you hold fractional Fund shares as of the date of the Conversion, you will receive cash equal to the net asset value of such fractional shares in the Conversion, which will cause you to recognize gain or loss for income tax purposes. Further, Fund shares that are held outside of a brokerage account as of the day prior to the Conversion, will be converted into New ETF shares and held by Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (“Equiniti”) for one year until a brokerage account is identified. Additionally, Fund shares held through a direct individual retirement account held with the Fund as of the day prior to the Conversion will be redeemed for cash equal to the net asset value of such shares as of that date. (iv) after the Conversion, as a shareholder of the New ETF, you will gain the benefit of full daily transparency into the underlying portfolio holdings of the New ETF. The Fund does not provide full daily transparency into its underlying portfolio holdings. In the Conversion, you wi […] o their account holders. In some cases, IRA distributions may be subject to a 10% early distribution tax in addition to ordinary income tax on the amount distributed. Finally, if you hold your shares of the Fund through an account with a - 2 - financial intermediary that is not able to hold shares of the New ETF, like many group retirement plans, your financial intermediary may transfer your investment in the Fund to a different investment option prior to the Conversion. Please consult with your financial intermediary for more information on the impact that the Conversion will have on you and your investments. This is a brief overview of the Conversion of your Fund. We encourage you to read the full text of the enclosed Combined Information Statement/Prospectus to obtain detailed information regarding the Conversion. NO SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL IS REQUIRED FOR THE CONVERSION. WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. If you hold Fund shares directly with the Fund (“Direct Shareholder”) or do not hold Fund shares in a brokerage account, you may need to take action prior to the Conversion. Please see the discussion below. What action must I take as a Fund shareholder? You have the following three options, unless you are a Direct Shareholder. 1. Acc […] If you are a Direct Shareholder, you must take one of the following actions: 1. Transfer the custody of your Fund shares to the broker-dealer of your choice . We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred option. This is the option that we recommend. Look at the box at the end of this letter for more information. 2. Exchange your Fund shares for shares of another series of the Neuberger Berman fund family. You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700 . 3. Redeem your shares in the Fund . You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700. - 3 - If you are a Direct Shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the New ETF and held by a stock transfer agent, Equiniti, waiting for your instructions. 1 Additionally, if you are a Direct Shareholder who holds Fund shares through a direct individual retirement account (“IRA”) held with the Fund and do not take action prior to the Conversion, your Fund shares will receive cash equal to the net asset value of such shares as of that date. We will continue to contact you to assist you in transferring your shares into a brokerage account. This document is provided for information only, because shareholder approval is not required to effectuate the Conversion . The Conversion m

=== 21e6bad1a082 n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form 497 filed 2023-11-03 | acc 0000898432-23-000755 ===
497 1 form497-n14.htm FORM 497 NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 November 3, 2023 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in the Neuberger Berman U.S. Equity Index PutWrite Strategy Fund (the “Fund”). We are planning to convert your Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Option Strategy ETF (the “New ETF”), which will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. We believe that the Fund and its shareholders will benefit from the Conversion into an ETF since the New ETF will have a lower total annual operating expense ratio than Class A, Class C and Institutional Class of the Fund and the same total annual operating expense ratio as Class R6 shares of the Fund. You also will b […]  from the Fund. Your broker will require the Fund’s account number, which can be found on your  […] p is only required by Direct Shareholders who hold their shares directly with the Transfer Agent. If you already hold your shares in a brokerage account, you can ignore this section. - 5 - QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief Q&A which will help explain the Conversion, including the reasons for the Conversion. Following this section is a more detailed discussion. We recommend that you read the complete Combined Information Statement/Prospectus. Q1. What is happening? A. We are planning to convert Neuberger Berman U.S. Equity Index PutWrite Strategy Fund (the “Fund”), a series of Neuberger Berman Alternative Funds (the “Trust”) into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Option Strategy ETF (the “New ETF”) that will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust (the “New Trust”). We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. Q2. What is this document and why did we send it to you? A. This is a Combined Information Statement/Prospectus that provides you with information about the Conversion. You are receiving this document because, as of September 19, 2023, you were a shareholder in the Fund. The Conversion does not require your approval, and you are not being asked to vote. Q3. Has the Board of Trustees of the Trust approved the Conversion? A. Yes, the Board approved the Conversion at a meeting of the Board held on June 29, 2023 and, after careful consideration, determined that the Conversion is in the best interests of the Fund and its shareholders and that the Fund’s existing shareholders’ interests will not be diluted as a result of the Conversion. The New ETF does not have existing shareholders. Q4. What will change when the Fund is converted to an ETF? A. The New ETF is an exchange traded investment company, known as an ETF. After the Conversion, you will remain in a registered investment company, but it will be exchange traded, and you will own shares as you did before the Conversion, but i

=== fce8b5fea560 n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form N-14 filed 2024-03-01 | acc 0000898432-24-000192 ===
N-14 1 form-n14.htm FORM N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 1, 2024 1933 Act Registration No. [ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) NEUBERGER BERMAN ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (212) 476-8800 Joseph V. Amato Chief Executive Officer and President Neuberger Berman ETF Trust c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: Stacy L. Fuller, Esq. Lori L. Schneider, Esq. K&L Gates LLP 1601 K Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20006-1600 (Names and Addresses of Agents for Service of Process) Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this registration statement goes effective under the Securities Act […] oposed that this filing will become effective on March 31, 2024 pursuant to Rule 488. NEUBERGER […] AN ETF TRUST FORM N-14 CONTENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM N-14 This Registration Statement consists of the following papers and documents: Cover Sheet Contents of Registration Statement on Form N-14 Letter to Shareholders Part A – Information Statement and Prospectus Part B – Statement of Additional Information Part C – Other Information Signature Page Exhibits NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 [ ], 2024 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in the Neuberger Berman Short Duration Bond Fund (the “Fund”). We are planning to convert your Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Short Duration Income ETF (the “New ETF”), which will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. We believe that the Fund and its shareholders will benefit from the Conversion into an ETF since the New ETF will have a lower total annual operating expense ratio than Class A, Class C, Investor Class, and Trust Class and the same total annual operating expense ratio as the Institutional Class of the Fund. You also will be able to buy and sell shares of the New ETF throughout the trading day. In addition, the New ETF will be managed by the same investment adviser, Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC (the “Adviser”), as the Fund and the New ETF will have the same investment objective, investment strategy, investment restrictions and portfolio managers as the Fund. Once you own shares of the New ETF, you will be abl […] u will not be able to redeem New ETF shares for cash from the New ETF at net asset value. (iii) the Conversion is structured to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, Fund shareholders will generally exchange their Fund shares for New ETF shares on a tax-free basis. However, if you hold fractional Fund shares as of the date of the Conversion, you will receive cash equal to the net asset value of such fractional shares in the Conversion, which will cause you to recognize gain or loss for income tax purposes. Further, Fund shares that are held outside of a brokerage account as of the day prior to the Conversion, will be converted into New ETF shares and held by Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (“Equiniti”) for one year until a brokerage account is identified. Additionally, Fund shares held through a direct individual retirement account held with the Fund as of the day prior to the Conversion will be redeemed for cash equal to the net asset value of such shares as of that date. (iv) after the Conversion, as a shareholder of the New ETF, you will gain the benefit of full daily transparency into the underlying portfolio holdings of the New ETF. The Fund does not provide full daily transparency into its underlying portfolio holdings. In the Conversion, you wi […] .e., June 21, 2024) for shares of the State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund with the same aggregate net asset value as your shares of the Fund. Finally, if you hold your shares of the Fund through an account with a financial intermediary that is not able to hold shares of the New ETF, like many group retirement plans, your financial intermediary may transfer your investment in the Fund to a different investment option prior to the Conversion. Please consult with your financial intermediary for more information on the impact that the Conversion will have on you and your investments. - 2 - This is a brief overview of the Conversion of your Fund. We encourage you to read the full text of the enclosed Combined Information Statement/Prospectus to obtain detailed information regarding the Conversion. NO SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL IS REQUIRED FOR THE CONVERSION. WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. If you hold Fund shares directly with the Fund (“Direct Shareholder”) or do not hold Fund shares in a brokerage account, you may need to take action prior to the Conversion. Please see the discussion below. What action must I take as a Fund shareholder? You have the following three options, unless you are a Direct Shareholder. 1. Acc […] elow. If you are a Direct Shareholder, you must take one of the following actions: 1. Transfer the custody of your Fund shares to the broker-dealer of your choice . We urge you to begin this process immediately if this is your preferred option. This is the option that we recommend. Look at the box at the end of this letter for more information. 2. Exchange your Fund shares for shares of another series of the Neuberger Berman fund family. You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700 . 3. Redeem your shares in the Fund . You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700. If you are a Direct Shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the New ETF and held by a stock transfer agent, Equiniti, waiting for your - 3 - instructions. 1 Additionally, if you are a Direct Shareholder who holds Fund shares through an individual retirement account (“IRA”) held directly with the Fund and do not take action by June 18, 2024, your Fund shares will be exchanged for shares of the State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund with the same aggregate net asset value as your shares of the Fund. This document is provided for information only, because shareholder approval is not required to effectuate the Conversion . The Conversion may take effe

=== 605fc2501a0b n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form 497 filed 2024-04-02 | acc 0000898432-24-000262 ===
497 1 form-497.htm FORM 497 NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 April 2, 2024 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in the Neuberger Berman Short Duration Bond Fund (the “Fund”). We are planning to convert your Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Short Duration Income ETF (the “New ETF”), which will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. We believe that the Fund and its shareholders will benefit from the Conversion into an ETF since the New ETF will have a lower total annual operating expense ratio than Class A, Class C, Investor Class, and Trust Class and the same total annual operating expense ratio as the Institutional Class of the Fund. You also will be able to b […]  from the Fund. Your broker will require the Fund’s account number, which can be found on your  […] 00-877-9700. This step is only required by Direct Shareholders who hold their shares directly with the Transfer Agent. If you already hold your shares in a brokerage account, you can ignore this section. - 5 - QUESTIONS AND ANSWERS This section contains a brief Q&A which will help explain the Conversion, including the reasons for the Conversion. Following this section is a more detailed discussion. We recommend that you read the complete Combined Information Statement/Prospectus. Q1. What is happening? A. We are planning to convert Neuberger Berman Short Duration Bond Fund (the “Fund”), a series of Neuberger Berman Income Funds (the “Trust”) into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly-created ETF, Neuberger Berman Short Duration Income ETF (the “New ETF”) that will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust (the “New Trust”). We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. Q2. What is this document and why did we send it to you? A. This is a Combined Information Statement/Prospectus that provides you with information about the Conversion. You are receiving this document because, as of March 21, 2024, you were a shareholder in the Fund. The Conversion does not require your approval, and you are not being asked to vote. Q3. Has the Board of Trustees of the Trust approved the Conversion? A. Yes, the Board approved the Conversion at a meeting of the Board held on December 14, 2023 and, after careful consideration, determined that the Conversion is in the best interests of the Fund and its shareholders and that the Fund’s existing shareholders’ interests will not be diluted as a result of the Conversion. The New ETF does not have existing shareholders. Q4. What will change when the Fund is converted to an ETF? A. The New ETF is an exchange traded investment company, known as an ETF. After the Conversion, you will remain in a registered investment company, but it will be exchange traded, and you will own shares as you did before the Conversion, b

=== a85c7f5c7ecc n=1 | Neuberger Berman ETF Trust  (CIK 0001506001) | form N-14 filed 2025-05-20 | acc 0000898432-25-000382 ===
N-14 1 formn-14.htm FORM N-14 As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 20, 2025 1933 Act Registration No. [ ] UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM N-14 REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933 Pre-Effective Amendment No. [ ] Post-Effective Amendment No. [ ] (Check appropriate box or boxes) NEUBERGER BERMAN ETF TRUST (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Charter) c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) Registrant’s Telephone Number, including Area Code: (212) 476-8800 Joseph V. Amato Chief Executive Officer and President Neuberger Berman ETF Trust c/o Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, New York 10104-0002 (Name and Address of Agent for Service) With copies to: Stacy L. Fuller, Esq. Lori L. Schneider, Esq. K&L Gates LLP 1601 K Street, N.W. Washington, D.C. 20006-1600 (Names and Addresses of Agents for Service of Process) Approximate Date of Proposed Public Offering: As soon as practicable after this registration statement goes effective under the Securities Act  […] iling will become effective on June 19, 2025 pursuant to Rule 488. NEUBERGER BERMAN ETF TRUST F […] -14 CONTENTS OF REGISTRATION STATEMENT ON FORM N-14 This Registration Statement consists of the following papers and documents: Cover Sheet Contents of Registration Statement on Form N-14 Letter to Shareholders Part A – Information Statement and Prospectus Part B – Statement of Additional Information Part C – Other Information Signature Page Exhibits NEUBERGER BERMAN INVESTMENT ADVISERS LLC 1290 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10104 [ ], 2025 Dear Shareholder: I am writing to inform you about a transaction that will affect your investment in the Neuberger Berman Emerging Markets Debt Fund (the “Fund” or “Target Fund”). We are planning to convert your Fund into an exchange-traded fund, commonly referred to as an “ETF.” The Fund will be converted by merging it into a newly created ETF, Neuberger Berman Emerging Markets Debt Hard Currency ETF (the “New ETF”), which will be a series of Neuberger Berman ETF Trust. We refer to this as the “Conversion.” After the Conversion, you will hold shares of the New ETF instead of the Fund. The New ETF will be listed for trading on NYSE Arca, Inc., a U.S. stock exchange, and shares of the New ETF will be bought and sold in the secondary market at a market price. We believe that the Fund and its shareholders will benefit from the Conversion into an ETF since the New ETF will have a lower total annual operating expense ratio than each class of the Fund. You also will be able to buy and sell shares of the New ETF throughout the trading day. The New ETF will be managed by the same investment adviser, Neuberger Berman Investment Advisers LLC (the “Adviser”), and utilize the same sub-adviser, Neuberger Berman Europe Limited, as the Fund. In addition, the New ETF will have the same investment objective and fundamental investment policies and some of the same key portfolio managers as the Fund. While the New ETF will invest in emerging markets debt securities like the Fund, the New ETF […] t. However, you will not be able to redeem New ETF shares for cash from the New ETF at net asset value. (iii) the Conversion is structured to qualify as tax-free for U.S. federal income tax purposes. As a result, Fund shareholders will generally exchange their Fund shares for New ETF shares on a tax-free basis. However, if you hold any fraction of a share as of the date of the Conversion, you will receive cash equal to the net asset value of such fraction of a share in the Conversion, which will cause you to recognize gain or loss for income tax purposes. Further, Fund shares that are held outside of a brokerage account as of August 6, 2025, will be converted into New ETF shares and held by Equiniti Trust Company, LLC (“Equiniti”) for one year until a brokerage account is identified. Additionally, Fund shares held through a direct individual retirement account (“IRA”) held with the Fund will be exchanged on the date of the Conversion for shares of the State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund with the same aggregate net asset value as your shares of the Fund. (iv) after the Conversion, as a shareholder of the New ETF, you will gain the benefit of full daily transparency into the underlying portfolio holdings of the New ETF. The Fund does not provide full daily  […] ate (i.e., August 8, 2025) for shares of the State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund with the same aggregate net asset value as your shares of the Fund. Finally, if you hold your shares of the Fund through an account with a financial intermediary that is not able to hold shares of the New ETF, like many group retirement plans, your financial intermediary may transfer your investment in the Fund to a different investment option prior to the Conversion. Please consult with your financial intermediary for more information on the impact that the Conversion will have on you and your investment. This is a brief overview of the Conversion of your Fund. We encourage you to read the full text of the enclosed Combined Information Statement/Prospectus to obtain detailed information regarding the Conversion. NO SHAREHOLDER APPROVAL IS REQUIRED FOR THE CONVERSION. WE ARE NOT ASKING YOU FOR A PROXY AND YOU ARE REQUESTED NOT TO SEND US A PROXY. If you hold Fund shares directly with the Fund (“Direct Shareholder”) or do not hold Fund shares in a brokerage account, you may need to take action prior to the Conversion. Please see the discussion below. What action must I take as a Fund shareholder? You have the following three options, unless you are a Direct Shareholder. 1. Acc […] ok at the box at the end of this letter for more information. 2. Exchange your Fund shares for shares of another series of the Neuberger Berman fund family. You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700. CDSC will not be imposed on shares of the Target Fund exchanged for shares of another series of the Neuberger Berman fund family. In addition, no front-end sales charges will be imposed on shares of the Target Fund exchanged for shares of the New ETF in connection with the Conversion. 3. Redeem your shares in the Fund . You can do this by calling us at 800-877-9700. If you are a Direct Shareholder and you fail to take any action, your shares will be converted into shares of the New ETF and held by a stock transfer agent, Equiniti, waiting for your instructions. 1 Additionally, if you are a Direct Shareholder who holds Fund shares through an IRA held directly with the Fund and do not take action by August 6, 2025, your Fund shares will be exchanged for shares of the State Street Institutional U.S. Government Money Market Fund with the same aggregate net asset value as your shares of the Fund. This document is provided for information only, because shareholder approval is not required to effectuate the Conversion . The Conversion may take effect no earlier than 20 days following th